1)em - it is relative to font size of parent. 2em means 2 times font-size of parent. it has cascading effect.
    html {
        16px;
    }
    parent {
        font-size: 2em; // 16*2 = 32;
    }
    
    child {
        font-size: 2em; // 32*2 = 64
    }
    
    grandChild {
        font-size: 2em; // 32*2*2 = 128
    }

    if we change font size of parent to 4em, then font size of grandchild is also affected.
    in code if we chnage font-size of .col--em, size of h1 and p tags inside it adjust 
    automatically they are using em units. to see compounding problem, set the font-size
    of .grid and .col--em in em. if you chnage font-size of grid, you can see that cascading 
    effect, on h1 and p tags inside  col-em. so be careful with em's.

    Instead of setting using em and rem for setting font size we can use them to set width, height,padidng and margin.

    when we use em to set margin, padidng, width(or anything ther than font-size), then it is going to look at font-size of 
        that element only.

        {
            font-size: 2em; // 3 times font size of parent 2*16 = 32;
            margin-botom: 2em; // 2 times font-size of this element, 2*32 = 64
        }
     This is very useful.In code we used we used em to set margin-bottom on col--rem h1. now margin of it adjusts automatically 
     according to it's font-size.this is very useful. In code we have call-to-action--small section. there on button we used em
     units for setting padding.there we have button for diffrent size, we only chnage font-size all other things are taken care
     by em units. so we get buttons of diffrent sizes only by chnaging font-size. if we use rem for padding then this wnt be 
     possible.as rem will keep padding fixed.

     but we can use rem to set margin-lef and margin-right because we want that to be consistent, irrespective of font-size.

     why to us rem and em. it is because they make our life lot easier when it comes to media queries or just making things 
        more scalable.

     so go to call-to-action--small, there if you adjust font-size, padidng of call-to-action--small will adjust(it is using em).
      also font-size of h1 is in em,it will also adjust depending upon font-size of call-to-action--small. margin-bottom of h1 
      will also adjust(its in em).btn class takes font-size from call-to-action--small,and padding of btn is in em. so just changing
      font-size of  .call-to-action--small, chnages all this.

     this adpatation can go further if you start using media queriees. in code we re using one emdia query, there we chnage the 
        fonrt-size of html. both and em and rem reach out to it, so just chnaging that chnages lot of things in your code.

     so with ne media query i can chnage font-size of my entire site so easily. if i would have used px, then i would need font-size on 
     induival elemnets.here one fixed solution will not work properly for entire site, that's really wishful thinking, but it can push your 
     site into right direction, gives you lot less in trms of media queries to build out later on.

2)rem - They were invented to fix that compounding problem with em.it is relative of font size of root element i.e html tag not body. 
    or you can define font-size on ::root, it will be relative to that.in code if you chnage font-size of col--rem, then the h1 and p 
    tags inside it are unaffected, becuase they are using rem units

    rem is also fixed. so we can use it to set margin-left, margin-right on elemnts. because we want that to be fixed.
    if we set it using em then for buttons which have unequal size will have unequal margin. so if you want equal spacing
    then use rem for margin.

why would be we use em and rem instead  of using px units(which are always consistent). it is because when we use media 
    queries, we just need to change font-size and everything else will adjust automatically.

    
    

