So far, all of the elements we've seen are laid out in an orderly fashion, one on top of the other. We generally refer to 
    this as “in flow”, a reference to Flow layout (though, these days, it can also refer to other layout modes like Flexbox).
    What if we want to break the rules, though? What if we want to take an element out of this orderly flow, and stick it 
    wherever we want? In these cases, absolute positioning is our friend.

We generally uses asolte positioning for cases like -

    a)UI elements that need to float above the UI, like tooltips or dropdowns.
    b)Decorative elements that need to be stuck in certain positions (eg. abstract illustrations).
    c)Stacking multiple elements in the same place, like a deck of cards.

Notice how this is a totally different mechanism from relative positioning? Absolutely-positioned elements are adjusted based
on their container, not based on their in-flow position.

Things to keep in mind -

1)absolute position elements are removed from current layer and moved to one layer above that. so they are moved out from 
    document flow.so other elements take up space of positioned elements.

Default placement -
    1)if we do not give any left,right, top and bottom properties to Absolutely positioned element, then it sits at its normal
        flow positioned, just it is moved one layer above that and other elements in previous layer occupy its position.

Being able to take elements out-of-flow is super handy. Any time you want an element to be "floating above" the content, like
    a tooltip or a dropdown or a modal, absolute positioning is your friend.

Absolute Size(video, points) -
    1)display property does not do anything in postioned layout.howver display: none removes the element in all layouts.
        diffrent layouts use diffrent properties in their own way. In flow layout ,display:block/inline are vital ingredients
        for ultimate layout of element.

    2)only exception to rule is relative positioned elemnts, where you can chnage display property and it has effects.relative
        positioned elements inherit a lot of thier layout from whatever layout they are used in. so reltive position is middle
        ground between position layout and other layout.this is excption. all others elements are rendered using single 
        layout modules only.

    3)third questions is then how does width of asolute psoitioned element is decided.

        a)if width is specified then that is used.
        b)if width is not sspecified, and if we set left and right values then width is adjusted according to those values.
        c)width depnds upon content.max it can go is till edge of its containing block absolue positioned elements wants to
            be as small as possible.so they are as wide as as required to have content in single line.
            
        If content is too large, for element width then there will be line wrap. if it's not able to lin wrap then content
            will out from absolutely placed element but element will not extend beyond it's width;

absolute positioning trick -
    if left and right given, element takes width accordingly
    if left,right and width are given, left and width are respected.

    same happens for top, bottom and height(like right bottom is ignored)

inset css property
        