Typically, block elements have variable height, so they can grow as-needed to contain their children. But when we constrain
    the height by setting a specific value, we create an impossible condition.The browser solves for this by letting the 
    content spill outside the bounds, but without accounting for it in flow computations. If we add some additional content
    below that name box, you'll see that the overflow has no effect on layout.

To help us manage these kinds of situations, the browser makes a property available: overflow

accepted values -
    
    visible(default) - this will always show overflow text.
    
    scroll - this will always show scroll bar
        it is shorthand for below properties-
            overflow-x
            overflow-y
    
    auto - auto is a smart value that adds a scrollbar when one is required.

        Should we pop this declaration onto all elements? I don't think so.we often want content to overflow, as we saw in
        the negative-margins and absolute-positioning lessons.when we apply overflow:auto to parent then childern going out
        from this parent (either via position property or negative margin), outgoing poriton is cut.in similar case behaviour
        of diifferent values of overflow -
            a)auto - when content overflows, we have scroll bar.
            b)scroll - scroll is always added
            c)hidden - outside content is hidden


        where to use scroll?
            when we know that there will be scroll.so that we already factor in the chnage in width of width because of scroll
                bar and there is no UI flickering.

    hidden - This option truncates anything that extends beyond the bounds of the container. when to use hidden property -

        a)Hidden overflow is a necessary ingredient for truncating text with an ellipsis (…). We'll learn all about that in 
            Module 6.
        b)We can hide overflow for artistic purposes, on decorative elements.


        sometime shidden property help us to avoid undesirable scrollbar.Accidental horizontal scrollbars are awful. We'll 
            learn how to identify and prevent them in Module 5.

        then we saw use of overflow:hidden in course content used by josh.it is hide course content when user click on sidebar
        navigation.

        My rule of thumb: Always add a comment when employing this declaration. Future-you will thank you.

        