exercise 1 -
    Here we have given max-width of 26rem to image, on larger screens it was fine but it was causing scroll on smaller screen.
    we could have used width:100%, but that it not what we wanted on desktop. we can use media query for same, figuring out 
    breakpoint is challenging , so we used this .

    max-width: min(26 rem, 100%)

exercise 2 -
    here we saw that scrollbar was because of negative margin.solutions -
        a)we could have removed element with negative margin as it was doing anything.
        b)use max-width:100% on element.
        c)but in course we used overflow:hidden on parent. it has some implications like position:sticky will not work on
            any childernn now.


exercise 3.1 -
    Problem - we had a scroll on mobile and it was because of paralleograms were coming out from view.

    solution -
        constraints was that we need to have that design.
        1)first we place overflow:hidden on parent, but since parent was placed inside wrapper which had some padding, content was
            cur before touching the sides.
        2)so we moved overflow:hidden to parent's parent. this solved issue. but problem was parent's parent was having a another
            child with position:sticky.position:sticky does not work if its parent is overflow other than visisble. we have 2
            solution -

                a)Go to designer and change position:sticky to position:fixed
                b)since social media icons are not displayed at mobile layouts,and overflow:hidden is only needed at mobile layout
                    that means we do not need both position:sticky behaviour and overlfow:hidden behaviour at same time, so we can
                    use media query to add overflow:hidden on parent at mobile widths only.


Exercise 3.2 - 

    Problem - Here we want to consider a the possibility that we want overflow:hidden and position:sticky at 
        same time. 
           
    Solution -
        So what we did was we created a another layer on top of existing layer, we mover our logo there.
        we created 2 elements in wrapper. one element was moved out of flow(with position: absolute, in another
        layer),so height of wrapper depends upon second child. but we gave height to absolitely position element
        as 100%, so that both childern have same height. on another layer we have logo and all. but in main layer
        we have set overflow: hidden on wrapper.

        later we adjusted the click behaviour using pointer-events css property.