Functional programming in Java -
    Figure 1- 

    imperative language - any piece of code is written as series of steps.you do step1, then step2
        then step3 and so on.so you write down series of steps


    Java is not a functional language , but it has functional capabilities.
    so you can do functional programming in java,even through it is not a pure
    functional language. this is what we will learn here.

Functions vs methods
    figure 4 - its like mathematical Functions - f(x) = x + 5

    Main difference is functions only operates on arguments, member methods can also access class instances.

    Pure Functions - only operates on inputs and do not access external state.few more things which we will see later.

    Functional Programming - composing code using pure functions. impure functions are not necessarily bad,they have a 
    place, they have a need.we cannot build all application using pure functions, impure functions needs to be somewhere.
    as far as functional programming is concerned ,best practice is to use pure functions as much as possible.

    Is Functional Programming Declarative?
        when we write functions then it is imperative programming, but when we compose those function togather
         then it is declarative programming.


Limitation of Object Oriented Programming -
    In code folder see TaskRUnner.java file. here what we wanted to do was we want to measure the time it takes to execute a
     something.for that we need to take what needs to be executed. for that we have to create a interface, then we have to create
     a class, then we have to create object  that has that behaviour and we pass it to our runner. This is  object-oriented way 
     of passing a behaviour.it would be nice if we can directly pass that  baehviour instead of creating class that has that 
     that behaviour? just pass thing that runs.


First Class Function
    so instead of passing object that has behaviour(figure 6), can we directly pass the behaviour(figure 7).
    First class function means that functions are thing on their own.This is essential concept of functional
    programming.it means we can create a function, assign it to a variable and then pas sit around.

    figure8 shows the examples of firstClass entities.lines of code corrosponds to actual thing that exists in memory.

    In java we can have First Class Functions using Lambda Expressions.