The basic of exception handling -
    When something goes wrong it creates the object of particular class,that class is Exception.It creates it
    throws it. see figure 1.

    Steps in exception handling -

        Protect the code that throw an exception.
        Specify what needs to happen on exception
        Specify what needs to happen no matter what
        Throw the exception when something wrong happens

    figure 3 - shows that you can have multiple catch blocks and in each catch block you can specify the exception
        that you want to handle.which catch blocks is executed depends upon which type of exception is thrown.there are multiple
        exception classes that you can create, multiple exception classes that can inherit from Exception and they can also be
        thrown and caught.

        figure 5 - ArithmeticException is subclass of Exception. when we hve multiple catch blcoks, Java starts from Top and decides
        which catch block to execute.because of PolyMorphism, if excption thrown is subclass of class mention in catch block, then that
        catch block will be executed. this is why in figure 5, we have genral excption is last and ArithmeticException first.

    
Throw and callstack -
    
    Figure 8 - If our try blocks calls a function which is in other place and if that function throws exception, then in call stack nearest
        try -catch blocked is searched adn exception is thrown their. It means all executions within try block is protected, even if it calls
        another functions. it makes sures that it traverse the call stack until it finds a try catch block.

        however if we have try block in some other code, the  that would be executed.also if catch on right throws another error, then
        catch on left is executed.


    Uncaught Exceptions leads to end of program.
        If you do not handle the exception, it goes to default handler and default handler in JVM prints the message in console and end the
        program.figure 10. that is why it is god practice to catch exceptions.