Here we will see how we can size grid items.

    lets say we have our gird with columns and rows. now what we want to do is we want to change the width of one
    item. one way is to give it width(widt: 500px) in css, lets see what happens-
        a)If that columns has fixed width like, width: 400px, 200px/40%/40 em/40rem, then,grid will
        not move at all i.e tracks remains unchanged. but that item is expanded, i.e it goes into next track, so
        we have kind of overlapping. note that other other items remains on top. if width of item is less than width
        of column then column width remains unchanged and width of item is changed.

        b)if width of column is in fr units. if width of item is less than width of column, then width of column remains
        unchanged. if width of item is more than width of column, then width of whole column increases and becomes
        equal to width of item. so here we rezise whole column.
        
        this is because wdith of our columns is fr, before we can have free space we have to use paid space. so grid says
        ok, this items needs to be 500 px wide(as we have given it width in css),so it takes column that item is in, and 
        makes 500px wide.then it says ok, now i can distribute free space, who wants it? then it allocates the free space.

        lets say something inside of item9 whether it's a image with hard width,or really large text or anything
        inside of that item, is causing that item to be that wide, then grid will first allt the width of that column,
        because of the width of the content inside of it. then,it will distribute free space amoung rest(if any other 
        column is using fr units).

        c)same thing happens as 2 happens if width of columns is in auto.but we know how auto and fr behaves differently
         in case of text with free spaces.
    
but what if we do not want this?WE want to size our induival item, we dnt want to size whole column.
That is we want our items to be placed on mlutiple tracks(by default a item comes in one row and one column). 
grid has some proeprties that we can apply on grid items, that can help us.This is called spanning.

these are -
 grid-column-start,grid-column-end,grid-row-start,grid-row-end. shorthand for these is grid-column,grid-row.


 In code we used grid-column: span 3 and grid-row: span 2. which made our item9 to occupy 3 columns and 2 rows. now in that row,
 we were not having 3 columns, so grid moved it to next row. which makes some of tracks empty.item 10 comes after item 9,
 so it also moves to next row. so we have empty tracks.can we move item 10 to ocuupy that? we can do this by using 
 grid-auto-flow: dense property, we will see that later.then we saw make item 18 to have 10 columns, but we dnt have 10 columns,
 but grid will create extra columns so that item can be placed in it.These extra columns are called implicit columns
 and they will make implicit grid. so you can say we have move item to next row, so that we have to create minimun
 number of implicit columns.

 this shows the power of grid, we are not using floats, we are not using positioning.

 Properties-
 grid-column-start,grid-column-end,grid-row-start,grid-row-end,grid-column,grid-rows

 In next lecture we will see how we place induival grid items.