Block Element-
    1)They create new line of content,stacking on top of each other by default.block level elements-
         p,h1,div,ul,li,main,fotter,header,section

    2)Have default width of 100% and default height of 0, but they will grow in height according to
        content that is inside them.

    3)You can do everything with them like giving padding, margin, height etc. you can put anything inside of them.

    4)You can use margin-left: auto and margin-right:auto trick only on block elements. it does'nt work in case of
        inline or inline-block elements.
    5)Even if you decreasw the width of inline element like by width: 50%, next element will start from next line.
       
Inline Elements-
    1)These stay withon flow of what's around them.below are inline elements-
        Links
        strong
        em
        span
        images(Sort of)
    2)You can only nest other inline elements inside them.like you cannot put div inside span.Next time you're 
        trying to style, say a span, and you're noticing that it just won't do what you want it to do, look and 
        see if you've accidentally put a paragraph in there. While it might seem like a paragraph can go in a span,
         since spans are sometimes used as containers, a paragraph is a block level element, so it doesn't belong in a 
         span.If you need to have paragraphs in a container, why not try a div, which is a block level element. 
        The one exception to the above rule is the anchor tag. Any element can be wrapped within an anchor tag
    
    3)they will respect padding,margin,border on left and right side but not on top and bottom. actually top and 
     bottom padding is excepted by inline element but rest of elemnst around it behaves like there is no padding.
     top and bottom margin is actually ignored i.e there is no effect.
    4)you canot set width and height on inline elements. if you set it, it is simply ignored
    5)margin-left:auto or margin-right: auto does not work on inline-block elements. they work only on
        block elements.


Inline-Block Elements -
    1)It’s essentially the same thing as inline, except that you can set height and width values.
    