3)How to build better Habits
    The Ist law make It Obvious
        4)the Man who did'nt look right
        
        5)Best Was to Start  a new habit
            Exercise people example
            Implementation Intention - How you intend to implemetn a particular habit
                I will [behavior] at [time] in [location]

                Ways to implement "Implementation Intention" -
                    Habit Stacking - Stack your new bahviour on top of existing behaviour.We decide what to do next based on what we 
                    have done just now.Each action beacomes cue that triggers next behaviour.

                    It is special form of implementation intention.instead of pairing your new habit with timr and location you pair it
                     with current habit. Formaula -
                        "After [Current Habit], I will [New Habit].

                    One you master this basic structure, you can begin to  Create larger stacks by chaining small habits togather.

                    Secret of healthy habit stack - Pick right cues. This appraoch has time and palce implcitly build into it. so,
                    consider when you are most likely to be succesful.dnt ask yourself to do habit when you are occupied withsomething 
                    else. make list of things you do and chosse wisely where you want to insert your new habit.

                    Habit stacking works best when cue ishighly specific and actionable.Push up after lunch example. be specifci and 
                    clear.More tightly you bind your habit with cue, the better odds are that you will notice when time comes to react.

            The 1st law is ti make habit obvious, Implementation intention, habit stacking are amoung most proactical ways to create 
            obvious cues for your habits.

        6)Motivation is overarted,Envirenment matters more
            Hospital caefeteria example. people choose product not because of what they are but because where they are.Ypur habits change
            depending on room you are in and the cues in front fo you.

            behavior is a function of of the person in envirenment.items at eye level are purchased more.More obvious a service is 
            avalibale , more likely you are to try it.Many of actions that we take each day are shaped not by purpsoeful drive and choice 
            but by most obvious option.

            Humans more dependent on vision than on any other sense, so visual cues are the greatest actalyst of our behaviour.For this 
            reason, small chnage in what you see can lead to big shift in what you do.so it is important to live in envirenment that are
            filled with productive cues and devoid of unproductive ones.good new is we can design our envirenemnt.

            How to design your envirement for success

                        