 6-
    Java Release Timelines - LTS(Long term support) and Ono-lTS versions

7- why so many jdk vendors
    Open JDK - Responsible for build new features of java programming language.this open source community developers along with the Oracle,
        they are going to build newer versions of java in 6 months.They are not going to provide the JDK binaries to install inside a production
        server, or to install inside a system. Open JDK is also responsible to define the specifications on how a Java language should work on 
        how a Java language should execute.by using these Open JDK source code, companies are any developer they cannot install or set up Java 
        inside their local system.

    Oracle JDK -with the help of the source code that is developed by the Open JDK team, they are going to generate the binaries
        or they going to provide the JDK installations to the organizations and the developers who want to use a particular Java version.
        on top of that, Oracle is also going to enhance the Open JDK version by doing some optimizations in terms of performance and in terms of 
        stability and security.there is licence fee for using this in production.

    Adoptium JDK - this is working group formed by various organizations.they are going to do same job as Oracle JDK.but is free.

    Amazon Corretto - optimized to work better in aws servres.

    Azul - performance based but paid.

    Many More ...

    Code Runs in same way -

        regardless of which JDK you install inside your local system,the Java program is going to run very similarly, and the output you are going to get is going to be
        same.How it is going to be possible is, like I said before, open JDK is responsible to define specifications for Java programming language.
        So these specifications we can also call them as TCK.So what is TCK Technology Certification Kit.So any JDK provider who are trying to generate the JDK binaries 
        from the open JDK source code, they need to make sure they're not changing the source code of Java.Instead, they can do some optimizations on how fast a Java program
        is running.But if I give a Java statement like System.out.println(), it has to work very similarly inside all the JDK s and the output has to be same.
        The only thing that can deviate is, the amount of time it is taking to execute a particular Java statement.


8,9 - Installing Java

10 - JShell
    how to open jShell - jShell
    terminating jeshell - /exit or/ ex



