1)git remote
List the remote connections you have to other repositories.
(when we clone a repo, this is automaticaly set, to from where we have cloned repo)
(when we make a local repo, we need to set it using  3)


2)git remote -v
Same as the above command, but include the URL of each connection.

3)git remote add origin "https://github.com/sumit2731/Notes-5.git"
sets remote for local repo. this is already done when we clone a repo. but if we want to
push local repo to cloud. we have to do this step.

3)git branch -r
Shows all remote tracking branches.If you have cloned the repo,then  it will show you all remote 
tracking branches for branches that are on remote repo.howver if some branches are added
after you cloned the repository, those will not be shown here.

4)git fetch
when you clone a existing repo, for all branches that are on remote repo, you wil have remote
tracking branches created for them automatically. but lets say after you have clone the repo, 
a new branch is created on remote repo. to have remote tracing branch for this newly cretaed
branch run this comman.
if you run git branch -r you can see all remote tracking branches for all branches on remote.

it also pulls code from remote branches to remote tracking branches. you can later do merge
with your local branches, to get latest code on your file system.

5)git checkout origin/<branch-name>
switces to remote tracking branch, but you will be in detached head state. for this to
happen, there needs to be remote tracking branch for given branch. it you do not have 
remote tracking branch. run git fetch, to get remote tracking branches for all branches on remote
repo.

6)git checkout -b "branchName" origin/"branchName"
Cretaes a local branch from remote tracking branch.for this to work you should have remote 
tracking branch that you used in command. if you do not have remote tracking barnch for some branch, 
then run git fetch.

Apart from creating new branch, it also sets the upstream of that new branch.

7)git checkout filename
    it will remove all uncommited chnges from this file

7)git pull
it will fetch the code to remote tracking branch and  then merge it with our local branch in end.it
also creates remote tracking branches for any new branches that are added to remote repo.

8)git remote rm origin
removes remote repository

9)git push -u origin <branch> or git push --set-upstream origin "name of branch"

it will create remote tracking for a local branch.this needs to be done, when you have created
a local branch and you want to push it into remote. when your run git branch -r, 
and you can see this remote tracking branch.next time you can just use git push or git pull. it also 
publishes our branch. if you have not set upstream for a branch then you have to specify from
which branch you want to perform push or pull, ex-
in branch5-
git pull origin feature5
now fetaure5 branch will be created if it does not exist. this was the case of names of branch match
if they do not match then use-
git push origin HEAD:feature6

10)git push --all -u
sets remote tracking branch for all branches
