lecture notes -
    a)taken out of flow, collapsing parents.
    b)Default Placement
    c)effect on layout
    d)how sizing of abslote lemnets is controlled(video)


Absolute Size(video, points) -
    1)display property does not do anything in postioned layout.howver display: none removes the element in all layouts.
        diffrent layouts use diffrent properties in their own way. In flow layout ,display:block/inline are vital ingredients
        for ultimate layout of element.

    2)only exception to rule is relative positioned elemnts, where you can chnage display property and it has effects.relative
        positioned elements inherit a lot of thier layout from whatever layout they are used in. so reltive position is middle
        ground between position layout and other layout.this is excption. all others elements are rendered using single 
        layout modules only.

    3)third questions is then how does width of asolute psoitioned element is decided.

        a)if width is specified then that is used.
        b)if width is not sspecified, and if we set left and right values then width is adjusted according to those values.
        c)width depnds upon content.max it can go is till edge of its containing block absolue positioned elements wants to
            be as small as possible.so they are as wide as as required to have content in single line.
            
        If content is too large, for element width then there will be line wrap. if it's not able to lin wrap then content
            will out from absolutely placed element but element will not extend beyond it's width;

absolute positioning trick -
    if left and right given, element takes width accordingly
    if left,right and width are given, left and width are respected.

    same happens for top, bottom and height(like right bottom is ignored)

margin-auto trick(used for centering modals and all) -
    here are 4 important ingredients for this trick to work:

        absolute positioning (position: absolute)
        Equal distances from each edge (ideally 0px)
        A fixed size (defined width and height properties)
        Hungry margins (margin: auto)

inset css property
        