So this one is like it's probably the biggest example in the editing,Having said that, it still isn't gonna be perfect for 
your workflow. But this is where we get into this concept of like using the dev tools as your main IDE.So not having an 
editor open just using the dev tools. So what we can do is we can go into the sources.

here if you have some files open, So just like in editor, you can right-click and you can do things like close, close others,
 close to the right or close all.then go tot Filesystem tab, here we have concept of "Add Folder to workspace".the kinda concept
  here is that Chrome is getting all these files from your local host and then you can 
  give Chrome a folder of your actual code.And Chrome will start really trying to intelligently make mappings between those 
  things. So it'll be like okay, a style that's CSS comes down and the folder you gave me also has a style that's CSS and 
  they're the same. So now, I'm gonna map them together and it will map as many files as it can together.nd once mapped any 
  changes that we're gonna make actually persist to disk as though they were written in your text editor. So that's the kind 
  of high level view, let's like walk through it together

  click on "Add Folder to workspace", there add your project folder. click on allow button which appears at top.all your files
   are added, we still have page tab which shows all tge files coming from server.but in file system i just uploaded my whole
   folder. now on some files you will see green arrow on tab(both in page and file system tab). also you can see this green tab
   on styles tab in elements tab.green tick means dev tools has established linked between network resources of page and
    and the files on our file system.it ha sync,i.e it has mapped.thid green tick means that dev tools has established

   And so that means that anything that I change in here(In styles tab within elements tab) will persist(without saving), will 
   be written down to actual filesystem(as dev tools has mapped style in style tab to file in our file system). all this work for
    styles as well as js but not for html. because borwser generates DOM form html.what we got from file system was html now we 
    are editing DOM in elements tab.so making chnages in DOM in elements, wnt save those chnages in filesystem. but any chnage 
    you make in sources tab(html as well as ) will persiist in filesysatem.

   many times happens when webapck builds our files and serves a diffrent file to browser, in that case browser needs source maps 
   to do make this mapping between network resources of page and the files iuploaded. now you chnage your netwrok resources file
    and file on your file system system will be changed.