1)Using route 53 to asses EC2 instnace via custom domain -

    1)Created EC2 instance and launched it with some code.
    2)went to route 53 and created a DNS.when it regsotered then come back.
    3)Go to route 53 and register a new domain.
    3)go hosted zone in route 53 dashboard and click on your domain. by default 2 records will be created for your domain. do not delete 
        them.
    4)we added a new record. records simply means ="how domain can be used".
        in that record we linked our domain with public IPv4 address for our Ec2 instnace.
        record type - A

        now we can access our websites using this custom domain using route 53.

    5)but here problem is public Ipv4 addres chnages everytime, that problem was solved using elastic ip addresses.
        1)request a IP adress.
        2)associate that ip address with instance.

2)Using Route 53 to access loadBalancer URL(which connects to ec2 instance) -

    1)Create a target group and include your running instance in that target group.
    2)create a load balancer, and select the target group created in step1 during load balnacer creation.
    3)now load balancer has a domain name automatically assigned to it. we can use it to hit our server. but we want to use
        our own custom domain.
    4)Update our record in hosted zone of aws route 53. now we do not have a IP but we have a domain name.
        a)turn on Alias in route 53. this allows us to directly point at specific aws resources as targets for this record.
        b)from dropdown we selected application load balancer. then region, then name of load balancer.now we can access
            load blancer using custom domain.

3)Optimizing content delivery with cloudfront -

    1)create a cloud frotn distribution - 

        origin -
            a)select origin domain - this is where your origin content is stored. this can be a s3 bucket or load balnacer.
            b)paths - optional
            c)name of origin
            d)additional headers - optional
        default cache behaviour -
            a)
        3)functions - code to executed, can modfying equest etc.

    2)after completing this we can access our server using "distribution domain name". which is assign automatically by aws.
    3)but we want to use our custom domain to access -
        1)got to route 53 -> hosted zone -> open your domain.
        2)open your record 
            a)alias, chnage to -> cloud front distribution
            b)then select your cloud front distribution thereafter. but we cannot see name here. you need to modify the settings of
            your distribution network -
                1)open your cloud front distribution. click on settings. update the "alternate domain name(Cname)" to your custom domain
                    for whcih you are defining the route in route 53.
                2)request a SSL certificate for your domain through AWS certificate manager.and add it here.