headings - these are very useful for navigation
    Jaws -
        'r' key - visit regions of page(navigation region,search region, main region, banner area)
            this is all picked up by html 5 sectioning tags  like header, nav,footer,main etc.

        'h' - use headings as a way of navigating through the page

        then press enter to enter the heading.


Implementing an effective heading structure

    a)One h1 per page (document outline algo does not work)
        when to use section element -
            So go ahead and use the <section> element as if it contributes to the document outline, but remember to use the 
            appropriate heading level for each nested section.My recommendation would be to use <section> to mark up new sections
            (or sub-sections) of content, and prefer using it over using a <div> for the same purpose.

    b)use h2 to h6 to create hierarchy.use headings isntead of using spans or something else.

    c)don’t choose the level by the visual size of the text (or by how large the text is rendered). Choose a heading level that 
        appropriately reflects the content hierarchy.

    c)dnt use heading levels purely for styling purpose.plan content before you style and and tweak css as you see fit.

    d)If it looks like heading it should be implemented as heading

Tools for visualizing and testing page's heading structure -

    bookmarketer - https://hinderlingvolkart.github.io/h123/
    web developer page extension
    W3C markup Validation service


Heading Text Describes the content it proceeds


SC linked with headeings -

    1)1.3.1 - If a text is styled to look like a heading, it must also be implemented using semantic heading element.
        and vice-versa.
    2)2.4.6 -heading should describe the content it prceeds
    3)2.4.10(AAA) - Sections headings are used to organize the content - when content is divided into section, heading must be 
        provided.

Fixing headings without chnaging markup -
    role="heading" aria-level="1"
    Note - do not apply these on focusable elements.
