Server component is react feature, nextjs implements it in its own way.
Nextjs has most robust support for server component.
Next.js  renders client component once on server for SEO.

Advantages -
    a)you can have straight forward flow, make api call use async flow, no need to handle loading and error
        state.but if you want to handle it, you can do so by using creating new files.
    b)api calls are made on server,can pass senstive info to server, without any security concerns,
        because these calls are made on server so client is not involved.
    c)Perfromance -
        a)caching at happen at server level. it is avalible to every single user.
            you can cache what html is needed based on todos, every single user an access it.
        b)if we are using avery big library, no bundle is sent to client side. because all processing
            happens on server side.
        c)page will load load faster
            in client component -
                a)first load html and js
                b)make api call
                c)do processing on client and show page.
            In server -
                a)send back html only.
    d)server components are better at SEO. serach engines have gotten better at this and you can do certain
        server rendering tools inside of react, with server components all this is automatically baked
        in for you.

Downside -
    a)No Interactivity. no event listener. no useState, useEffect,you cannot use almost any hooks inside
        server component.what we do is make as many components as server components as possible, where
        we need Interactivity make them as client component, fetch data in server component and pass
        it to client component as props.
    b)Cannot use browser API




How to use -
    a)client components can be nested as children in server component.
    b)fetch data in client component and pass it to children component.


ServerCmp can have ClientCmp as child but not vice-versa.all components which have are child of client components
    are child components itself.even if you dnt use - "use client" in those component, they will still be
    rendered on client.you only get once chance to go from server -> client. once you go to client, you cannot
    go back to server.
But their is one way -
    create jsx in server component.
    use client as child in server component.
    pass that jsx which has server component, to child as prop.
    now within child you can render server component