Netwrok Protocols - Set of agree upon rules by which 2 machines talk with each other. netwrok protocols consist of kind of messages,
    that are gonna be sent and received by machines,format of messages(how they are structured),order of thos messages if they have 
    any order or whther ot not there should be some sort of response to a messages.

    Some Popular protocos-

    IP - INternet protocol.modern internet runs on it. data is sent between machines in form of IP packet. IP packet is fundamental
        unit of data that is sent from one machine to another.IP packets are actually maade up of bytes. there are 2 versions of IP
        protocol - 

        IPV4 - most of modern internet uses this.
        IPV6 - this is now being used more and more.
        
        
        IP packet has 2 sections-

        a)header- Source IP address,destination IP address,total size of packet, version of IP prototcol packet is folowing.
        hesder is between 20-60 bytes.

        b)data - ip packet has size of 2 power 16 bytes size i.e 0.065 mb. so generally data is sent in  multiple packets. this is where
            thing get complicated.if you are use only IP protocol , you dnt have a way of garnteed that all packerts will be received,
            some of these packets are gonna lost over the network.also you cannot guartee the order of packets. this where TCP comes into
            play.

    TCP - transmission control protocol. Build on top of IP protocol.it is meant to solve the issue discussed above. it is meant to send 
        the IP packets correct way. it makes sure that packets are received in correct way, all the packets are received. if some packets
        are corrupted , atleast we will know that packets are corrupted and we will resend them again. TCP is used in almost all web 
        applications and it allows you to send large pieces of data. so TCP is buildt on top of IP. in IP packet, in data section, some
        space is taken by TCP header. TCP headers contains info about ordering of packets.

        When client and server are to communicate with each other using TCP. first they need to establish a TCP connection. this happens via
        handshake.so client send some packets to server saying that , hi i want to connect with you. server says ok, we can char. then client
        sends some packet and says we are connected. connection can be ended by eithe party, or it will ended if no response is recevied from
        any party in given amount of time.

    HTTP - It bilds on top of TCP and introduces the request-response paradigm.
