Intro-
    Tree Data Structure is commonly used in computer scienece. They are litt;e stepup and complicated from linked list.
    here we will see difference between trees, binary trees, and binary search trees. but we will focus on binary serach 
    tress i.e we will implement operations on binary search trees.

    A tree is a data structure that consists of nodes in a parent / child relationship. one parent can have many childs.

    list are linear, trees are non liner. IN list we have a element, then next one, then next. so everything is in line.
    tress can have branch, we have more than one pathway through tree. In list we move in a single line.

Rules for tree-

    In A tree, we canot have nodes refrencing other nodes which are not below them i.e which are not their childern. so
    a node can only point to child. so it is parent child relationship. chld cannot point to parent,siblings cannot point
    to each other. or we can say that there is a single parent for a node. but a node can have many child. see figure 3 and
    4.

Tree Terminology-

    See figure 5.

Tree Aplications-
    see figure 6. fpr details you can go through lecture. its just some extra knowledge.

Tree Types-

    There are endless types of tree, they excel at one thing or another. Later when we 
        learn about heaps, they are also kind of a tree.

    Tress - Normal Tress, we already know them.
    
    binary Tress - A node can atmost have 2 childern.there are terms for tree where node can have atmost
     3 chidlern, 4 childern and so on.. , trees. but they are not commonly talked about. this is because binary
     tress has some special properties that makes them easier to navigate.
    
    Binary Search tree - They are special type of binary serach tree. which excel at searching.so we store sorted 
        data in particular way in binary search tree, which nakes it easier to retreieve. they are sorted in a 
        particular way, they are kept in order.BST are used to store data that can be compared, that is sortable,
        so often classically we are talking about numbers.it can be string or any other type of data, that you know
        has some way of , there is way for you to order it and compare things,which one is greater and which one is
        less. so speacil property of binary serach tree is that, if we take a node, then every node that is left of
        it is, smaller than that node. and on right hand side we have items that are greater than concerend node.

    because of above proeprty , it is easier to serach an item in binary serach tree. we know whether we move to
        left or right node. otherwise we have transverse the whole tree.there are many of ways to tranverse a tree.
        we will see them.
    
        also insertion is easier as we know where node actually belongs.

    There are many types of binary trees, one of them is binary search tree.


Big O(see video)-
    Searching - 
        best and worst - O(Log n)
        worst(see figure 12 ) - O(n)
    Insersion - same as searching