5)Creating a maven project
    Either you can create a project by learning all maven rules,i.e what should be path of application, test files.
    second option is you can create your own project using maven. maven can do that with arch types.
    archetype - project template
    to create a java project from maven using archetype -
        mvn archetype:generate

        now select yur template, we selected default. next steps

        a)select version
        b)define value of groupId - way to group maven projects, like package groups java classes.
            select - io.javabrains
        c)artifactId - name of maven project, cannot have spaces, separate by '-'.
        d)version of project - this is associated with artifact that this project generates.this will change over time. we choose default value -
            1.0-SNAPSHOT (snapshot is maven concept, it means i cannot send this project out I am working on it)
            week later it will be 1.00 then 2.00 and so on.
        e)package - it is starting package for your java classes,we went with default value which is groupId.


6)Project creation - What actually happened
 figure 1


8)Understanding Maven coordinates
    see figure 2. through maven coordinates we identify each artifact in maven universe(space where
    all artifacts generated from maven project are stored).
    these are coordinates are mentioned in pom.xml.


9)making changes for compilation
    maven project lifecycle - different phases of project , like dev, testing and release

10)compiling the code
    mvn compile
    .class files are generated in target folder.

11)Testing and packaging with maven
    testing - mvn test
    package - mvn package


    these steps - compile,test and generate artifact
    these are 3 of several steps in main life cycle of maven.

14)Adding a new dependency
    search for maven coordinates of libaries on website - https://mvnrepository.com/ (their are other ones also, like maven central)
    maven artifact can be avalible at multiple maven repositories, by default every maven project points to central repository.while
    searching artifact, you have option to select coordinate for particular repository.
    add those to pom.xml and then run mvn compile.