Flow Layout -
    
    In Flow layout,elements don't overlap much,but we can force it with negative margin.In this case, the DOM order matters.
        element which comes later in the DOM,is painted on top.There is one catch, though: in Flow layout, content is painted
        separately from the background.so we might not see the background of underlying element, but contant is visisble.

    In Flow layout, background colors and borders are truly meant to be in the background. The content will float on top.
        That's why the letter A shows up on top of the pink box.The truth is that Flow layout isn't really built with layering
        in mind. Most of the time, when we want to layer elements, we'll want to use positioned layout.


Position Layout -
    
    As a general rule, positioned elements will always render on top of non-positioned ones. 
    We can think of it as a two-stage process: 
        first, all of the non-positioned elements are rendered (everything using Flow, Flexbox, Grid…). 
        Next, all of the positioned elements are rendered on top (relative, absolute, fixed, sticky).

    What if we set both elements to use relative positioning? In that case, the DOM order wins.

That's how the stacking order is calculated by default, but CSS gives us a tool to override this default behaviour. Let's 
    talk about the z-index property.

z-index

    If we want the layered order to be different from the DOM order, we can use the z-index property to manually reorder them.
    z-index only works with positioned elements. It will have no effect on an element being rendered in Flow layout.
    later we will see in the coursez-index also works in flex box and css grid layouts.Flexbox algorithm uses the z-index 
    property in the same way that the Positioned layout algorithm does. z-index doesn't work in Flow layout, but it does in 
    Flexbox (as well as Grid).

    The z in z-index refers to the z axis:

        x is left/right
        y is up/down
        z is forward/backward

    The default value of the z-index property is auto, which is equivalent to the number 0. Therefore, any value greater than
    0 can be used to "promote" an element to sit in front of its siblings.


    Negative z-indexes -
        z-index values must be integers, and they're allowed to be negative. z-index: -1 is a valid declaration.
        In my experience, though, negative z-indexes introduce additional complexity without offering much benefit. Every time
            I've tried to use negative z-index values, I've wound up regretting it.As such, we won't cover them in this course.

    


Introducing Stacking Contexts

    Go throught video.

    Ways to create static Context -
        1)set position to value other than static and give a value to z-index.

    Creating New Stacking Contexts -

        Setting opacity to a value less than 1
        Setting position to fixed or sticky (No z-index needed for these values!)
        Adding a z-index to a child inside a display: flex or display: grid container
        Explicitly creating a context with isolation: isolate (More on this soon!)
        
        Applying a mix-blend-mode other than normal
        Using transform, filter, clip-path, or perspective


My Notes -
    So always remeber when a element creates a new stacking context, childern of that child cannot complete with some element
    which is outside that parent element(based on z-index).see chrome stcak inspector tool in josh example.

