Property Discussed - grid-column and grid-row


    grid-column is shorthand for grid-column-start and grid-column-end. same goes for
    grid-row. when we assign grid-column:2, it means -
        grid-column-start: span 2
            or
        grid-column-end: auto

    here we saw that if a item poop starts at column 4 and we give it column-start: 2,
    so it moves to next row and starts at column 2 and empty spaces are left in between. item 9
    which is after item poop comes after item poop. instead of specifying column-start and column-end
    specifically, we can spacify it one go using, grid-column property. like-
        /* grid-column-start: 2;
        grid-column-end: 5; */
        grid-column: 2/5;(it means start at starting of column 2 and end at starting of column 5)

Note- Lines are not columns themselves, they are lines in-between the columns.
    
    This is combination of values that we can give to grid-column-
        1)grid-colum: 2/5(it means column will start at line 2 and end at line 5)
        2)grid-column: span 4/8
        3)grid-column: 4/span 3

    other thing is lets say i want to place my item at last column, but i dnt know how
    many columns i will have, in that case you can use negative numbers. like we have
    used for item8. -1 means last column, -2 means second last columns. if we use this-
        grid-column: 1/-1;
    it means start from first columns and expand till lst column. but if we use -
        grid-row: 1/-1;(when use negative in end, then it means item will end where last column ends, note here
        numbers refer to lines between tracks they are not itself columns)
    now it will place item beween first and last "explicityly" defined rows. you can see
    that in case of poop, item is extended till last row which we have explicitly defined.
    then rest of items will be accomodated in implicitly defined rows. if we have'nt defined any rows
    then poop will placed on first row only(if we have grid-row: 1/-1). it means row: -1 means
    go to bottom of implicit grid not explicit grid.

    if we change grid-auto-flow to column then this will become vice versa. this is another affect of
    grid-auto-flow. which i have mentioned in point no 3 in folder 6

    so if we want elements to occupy all explicit grid, then we will do this-
        grid-column: 1/-1;
        grid-row: 1/-1;