npm commands - 
    1)npm install terser-webpack-plugin --save-dev
    2)npm install mini-css-extract-plugin --save-dev
    3)npm install clean-webpack-plugin --save-dev
    4)npm install html-webpack-plugin --save-dev
    5)npm install handlebars-loader --save-dev
    6)npm install handlebars --save


Plugin -
    plugins a plugin is a javascript library that adds functionality to the webkpack itself.

    Plugins can do everything that loaders cannot do.

    We use loaders, when we need to import different files, when we need to import the css files.

    We use CSS loader,when we need to import xml files , We use xml loader.

    But what if we need to do something else than importing new type of file. with plugins, you can do much more than that.

        You can define the global constants across the whole application.

        You can minify your in bundle so it consumes less space on disk and is faster to download.

        You can generate other files besides bundle.js 
        
    webpack itself utilizes the same plugin system that you can use in your configurations.

    In the following years are going to have a look at some of the most popular plugins.


Popular Plugins-

    1)terserPlugin - it is used to minify our bundle. earlier webpack was using uglify.json, this is new way of
        minifying your files.

    2)mini-css-extract-plugin - It generates separate file for css.earlier css was part of js file and was added dynamically to 
     html file inside style tags. now we generte separate file for css. we need to include this css file in html file.

    3)browser caching - we want to load files from cache. so it means we want new name for file, if our content changes.
     wec do it manually but webpack do it for us automatically.for this we used contentHash, it adds md5 hash to our file name,
     this md5 hash depends upon file content. if content remains sme , md5 hash also remains same. sow ebpack will generate
     new file name only when content of file changed.

    4)CleanWebpackPlugin - Each time we run build, this plugin will clear output.Path folder. also we can configure it to clean any other
        folders also. 

    5)HtmlWebpackPlugin - This generates html file for us and imports the js and css files created by webpack, with updated name 
        in it. but in html,it imports resources from public path. but as index.html file is in dist folder only, we dnt need 
        dist folder in path.so we change ur public path to ''.

         then we saw how we can pass options to constructor of this plugin to customize our generated html. all the avalible
         options can be found on github page of this plugin.there are a lot. At last we saw how we can use our own html as
         template to generate final html file. as webpack cannot read html file we need to use some loader.

         here we used handlebars file as template, so we have to iclude handlebar loader in our list of loaders. which loaders
         can be used can be checked in github page of plugin.

here we used some plugins, here yu can find all official webpack plugins, click on plugin to see how you can use and 
    customize it - https://webpack.js.org/plugins/. there are lot of 3rd party plugins that are not included in list.