overflow (deals with content overflowing in entire container)
    visible - default value.content overflows the container. 
    hidden - hides the content when it crosses border of container,content will overflow padding.
    scroll - always displays the scrollbar even if content fits inside container.
    auto - displays scrollbar only if content does not fit.It can display scroll in either or both axis.
    clip - need to specify this for both x and y axis. It works similar to hidden unless you specify another
        property - overflow-clip-margin , which allows you to specify how far you want content to overflow the
        container.along with this to control how content overflows. this needs to specified on both direction
        for it to work.you cannot do overflow-x: clip
        values for overflow-clip-margin -
            20px (here we specify how far we want to go after normal cutoff point, normal cutoff point is end of padding-box , even after border)
            border-box (content is cutoff after it reaches the edge of border)
            padding-box (content is cutoff after padding box, this is how hidden works)
            content-box (text is cut off after content box)
            10px (useful in cases where you want your content to overflow a little)
            -10px

        known bug -
            a)you need to specify this property for both x and y axis.
            b)this is new property and not avalaible in all browsers.
                values like border-box are only supported in chromium based browsers.

                trick (even if clip is not supported , we will get hidden) -
                    overflow: hidden
                    overflow: clip;
                    over-clip-margin: 20px


overflow-anchor -
    auto - (default) when new content is added before your current position, you stay in exact same location, 
        but scroll bar keeps getting smaller.
    none - When new content is added , you keep on moving down.

    https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/o/overflow-anchor/


By default if we have long word, then it will not wrap, it will overflow container, or will be cutoff
    by container based on overflow property on container.but we do not want to do that, we want to do
    something to wrap that word to new line.this can be done by these properties -



    1)overflow-wrap(earlier called word-wrap,browsers implemented this because ppl started using word-wrap) -
        it controls how a world wraps around new line if it overflows the container.
            a)normal - default, no wrapping will occur.content will overflow the container
            b)break-word - It breaks the word and it wraps on new line.word to be broken is moved to new line.
                see figure 1.if we use hyphen: auto, then word is not started from new line.
                word-break:break-all also do same thing but it does not take word to be broken to new line.
            c)anywhere(not used that much) - same as breakword, but difference is how it works with min-width. 
                container -
                    width: min-width;
                    max-width: 200px
                with anywhere width of container wil depend upon some other longest word and span with this property
                    will be broken to nw line. however with breakword, span will be tried to fit in box util it reaches
                    max-width, then it will be wrapped.in short with anywhere child will not participate in min-width
                    of parent.

To control how a word breaks -

    2)word-break - deals with how word breaks when it overflows the container.
        normal - does not break word, they stay exactly where they are. words are broken by space and hyphen.
        break-all - breaks the word and moves it to new line. (figure 2) 
            dw between word-break: break-all and overflow-wrap:break-word -
                overflow-wrap:break-word - moves word to next line
                word-break:break-all - does not move word to next line 

                another difference is that with word-break:break-all, you wnt get hyphen,if you use hyphens
                property.

            It will not break chinese, japnese and korean symbols unless it is specific section where it is supposed to
            break those apart. this is because of way these languages are written, if you take 2 symbols and break them
            apart, it will complelty change the meaning of word or sentence.breaking these changes the meaning
                of word.
        keep-all - this only matters if you use one of above languages and it will prevent any breaks from happening
            inside the word. if you are not using these languages then this works in same way normal(which is default).
        break-word - Do not use it. it is same as setting overflow-wrap: anywhere and leaving
            break-word:normal, so they discontinued this property


what happens when words do overflow the container, what can you do to notify the user that things are overflowing
    to make it easier for them to understand what's going on.

    1)hyphens (https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/h/hyphenate/) -
        auto - when used with overflow-wrap: break-word or overflow-wrap: anywhere, it does not move word to new
            line, instead it adds hyphens to word to be broken.it does not add hyphen when we use word-break,
        manual(default) - Words are only broken at line breaks where there are characters inside the word that 
            suggest line break opportunities(even if use overflow-wrap and word-break).However if no line break
            opportunities are mentioned, then it breaks word whereever needed.
            
            There are two characters that suggest line break opportunity:

            U+2010 (HYPHEN): the “hard” hyphen character indicates a visible line break opportunity. Even if the 
                line is not actually broken at that point, the hyphen is still rendered. Literally a “-“.
            U+00AD (SHY): an invisible, “soft” hyphen. This character is not rendered visibly; instead, it 
                suggests a place where the browser might choose to break the word if necessary. In HTML, you can use 
                &shy to insert a soft hyphen.

                abcddfg&shytextContinue
        none - no hyphens

    2)text-overflow - In order for this to work -
        a)you should have exactly one line of text.
            In order to have single line of text use -
                    white-space: nowrap
            since this is very limiting, we have way to clamp the text if you are using multiple lines of text.

                we limit the number of rows using -
                    display:            -webkit-box | -webkit-inline-box;
                    -webkit-box-orient: vertical;
                    -webkit-line-clamp: 2 
        b)overflow content should be hidden. overflow: hidden
        values -
            clip - clips any text that is overflowing.
            ellipses - shows eliipsis to user.

        see figure 3.


Extra From Video -
    white-space (https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/w/whitespace/) -
        normal - 
            newLines - Collapse
            Spaces and tabs - Collpase
            Text Wrapping - wrap
        nowrap -
            newLines - Collapse
            Spaces and tabs - Collpase
            Text Wrapping - noWrap
        pre - 
            newLines - preserved
            Spaces and tabs - preserved
            Text Wrapping - no wrap
        pre-wrap - 
            newLines - preserve
            Spaces and tabs - preserve
            Text Wrapping - wrap
        pre-line - 
            will break lines where they break in code, but extra white space is still stripped.
            
            newLines - preserve
            Spaces and tabs - collapse
            Text Wrapping - wrap
        
