Intro -

    Every single Websites needs a web worker.even static app written 10 years ago, needs service
        worker.problems with websites-
        1)browser cache example - very complex code in browser, where it decies whether to use
            cache or load resources from browser.
        2)places where internet connectivity is not that great.customer travel to some other country,
            he is still your customer.
            deciding between slow vs broken experience
            get in airplane while reading the blog post


    I think that's what we've missed about the web is that we've made theseterrible assumptions
        that people are gonna experience the web in a contiguous way.That when you sit down to 
        experience something about the web,you're not gonna be interrupted.You're gonna have 
        perfect Wi Fi perfect internet connectivity,perfect battery power.You're never gonna 
        have any sort of interruption to that.That's the way that we design the web

The Case for Service Workers -
    The twitter timeline case - user goes offline, show him the stuff, that he has seen when
        user was online.twitter PWA does not show anything.we can show 100 tweets before and
        100 tweets after


    How do we gracefully fall back, not only when the Internet is completely down, but let's 
        even think about what would you do if somebody had an Internet connection and they
        clicked the tweet button, but it's so slow that it takes minutes and it hasn't 
        actually responded that the tweet came out(they are on slow internet connection).
        They have Internet connection, they're not offline.It's just they're on such terrible
        2g that we don't even know whether the information got to the server.So it's not
        relevant to me what the server does, that's a totally separate concern.
        What's relevant to me in this question is how are you gonna handle that for the user?
        What are you gonna tell them?Are you gonna tell them sorry, you've lost your tweet?

    user was online when he started but now he is offline when he is finished.how to handle
    it? in case of twitter it goes away.solution -
        a)tell user that it was not possible to post the tweet, but whenever user is online
            it will be posted.
        b)tell user tweet was sent, later sync it with server.
        c)just say that some error occured and tweet is gone.
