Links to refer-
    https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/css-grid-layout-minmax/
    https://bitsofco.de/how-the-minmax-function-works/
    https://medium.com/@elad/becoming-a-css-grid-ninja-f4c6db018cc1

1)minmax(First see code in minmax-FINISHED.html, there we hace code comments which are explanatory)
 this is specific to css grid
        here wes bors said that when we use minmax with autofit and auto fill
        then it can replace lot of media queries because it is responsive by nature. for example-
        if we have grid-template-columns: repeat(auto-fill, 150px), then some content may spill out
        from columns for this use - repeat(auto-fill, minmax(150px, 1fr))
        then we saw how minmax workds with auto-fit and auto-fill. first see code notes.
        then go through links. Important Points-
            1)If max is smaller than min, then max is ignored and the function is treated as min. 
            2)As a maximum, a <flex> value sets the track’s flex factor. It is invalid as a minimum.
             docslink- https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/minmax

2)fit-content(code and notes in fitContent.html)
 it works by this role-
    min(maximum size, max(minimum size, argument))
    see code notes, then go through mozilla docs, then links.

3)max-content, min-content - see links
    see links.there we have good explanation.
    1)min-content-It represents the smallest possible size the cell can be that does not lead to an overflow.
    2)max- content - It represents the largest spce that content of element can take.
    lets see what we mean-
        a)Lets grid item contains text i.e bunch of words. lets say these words has space between them.
         now min-content is width of widest word i.e width of widest content that needs to be displayed in
         single line. max-content is width required to display all content in single line.
        b)lets say insted of text we some inline-block elements inside grid-item, now these will be treated as text.
         that is each item will be treated as text without spaces.This concept of treating each item as word in not 
         specific to this proeprty.it is generalized. same also is applied to auto and fr. so this is how
         we calculate width when grid-template-column has value of max-content and min-content. 

    Image exmaple for min-content in hongikat works like that in min-content.html exmaple because we have: max-width:100%.
    so there content of 1st column depends upon size of coulumn. so ist column is sized based upon 5th and 7th column.
    see min-content.html.
    here point to be noted is lets say we have a column, we have a div which
    has width of 400px. here minimum and maximum width that column needs
    is 400px. so here you wnt see any difference in max-content or min-content.

4)Tht's how you make grid responsive, you can use this-
    minmax(min-content, max-content)(it is done in hongkiat link)
