Units

    1)Fixed - Mainly px re used.
    2)Percentage - mainly used for setting width. 50% means 50% of wdith of parent. it is mainly used for 
        setting width because with height in percentage things get little weird. sometimes its relatice 
        to width of parent, sometimes its relative to height of parent. so mostof time we use % for width.
        later in course we will see some use cazes where we need to set height in %.
    3)Relative - 
        a)relative to font- Most poular ones are-
            a)em - It is relative to parent's font size. font size is inherited proeprty, if you dnt declare font size for a element,
                then it will inherit it from body. if you did'nt set it on body then body is inheriting it from root, the
                html element , that has 16 px set on it.but people cn chnage the defualt size in their browser settings.

                where it comes handy- 
                    some lements like h1,h2 has their some font size set(i.e they do not inherit it from body), but lets say you want them to change 
                    font size of all elements it when when you chnage font size of body.In that case speccify font size of all elements
                     (that you want to chnage) in em units.because of inheritnace all elements will get the font size of body and since em is relative
                     to fnt size if parent we will have our efffect.

                Problem with em-
                    It can lead to cascading effect. lets say font sizeof body is 20px. then on section we have font size of 2em, then on
                    h1 tg inside section font-size is 3em. so total fontsize will be - 20*2*3 = 120px. this is gigantic. now this h1 tag will
                    be exceptionally bigger than rest h1 tags. so you need to be careful.
            
            b)rem- It is means root em. instead of being relative to parent, it is relative to root of document. the root of html page is always html element.

                where it comes handy-
                    so we saw problem with em units that it causes cascading effect. rem solves it because this unit is relative to root element. now
                    lets say so you want to increase the font, it that case set font on html tag and wherever you have used rem it will reflect-
                    
                    html {
                        font-size: 20px;
                    }

                    one things is you dnt set font-size on html tag like this, you either leave default or use percentages, if you want to play along with it.
                    Some people recommend setting percentage really ,ow here to shrink things. if you set it 62.5% , it means 10px. now it easier to do maths.
                    like 1.5rem means 15 px etc. kevin does not do that he does this for a while, but after some time you get used to work on scale of 16 px.
                    and when you need to scale font up,and you are gonna see when wwe get to mobile devices, mobile devies have smaller font. but when you move
                    to large devices, you need to increase font, so you keep it as 100% which is default, to bump it up, you make it 110%.it will reflect
                    all over page. just by chnaging at one place.

        b)relative to view port- In this unit we will not use them. will see later
            a)vh
            b)vw
            c)vmin
            d)vmax

When to use which one - px is like fix unit. it i like 1/96 of inch. so it is fixed on each screen so can you get away by using pixel for lot of things.
There are other adavantages of using rem and em. so for font size we are going to stick with them. some of these advantages ,we will see as we progress 
through course. general
 rule of thumb that kevin follows-
    for font - use rem(as it do not have that cascading effect that em has)
    for margins anf padding - use em(we will see in folder 4 why we do this)
    width - em or percentages or px, use em when it is set size, we can also px to be honest. but i like to use same units. generally for wisth you can get away with
        any unit.

    above are just a rule of thumb, not hard set rules. you if you have strong reason, you can chnage these rules.



In code we set width of contaier to be 50% insetad of harcoded value. it means 50% of width of parent.
    now its reesponisve. 
    
Extra form Lecture -

    Also we can set padding in percentage.Then padding size is relative to the width of that element’s 
    content area (i.e. the width inside, and not including, the padding, border and margin of the element).
    top and bottom padding will also be 5% of the width of the element, not 5% of the height of the element.
    same goes for margin(even top and bottom), it is based out of width of parent , if you give it in %.
    for border you cannot specify percentge value.

    here is link -

    https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/calculate-css-percentage-margins/