default npm scripts -

    built-in scripts -

        a)start - by default will try to execute server.js.
        b)stop
        c)restart
        d)test
        e)prestart
        f)poststart

then we saw working of colors package. how there 2 methods of using it -

    var colors = require('colors');
    var colors = require('colors/safe');


    we saw which file is executed when we require uisng above 2 methods.

executing scripts in parallel using npm package  - 
    npm-run-all

role of .bin folder in node_modules
.bin field in package.json

Shebang line in executable scripts - 
    #!/usr/bin/env node

    in unix OS -

        shebang - determines which interpreter should be used for file execution on unix-like operating system.
        files in .bin folder have no extension,That's why a computer doesn't know how to execute those files.
        That's why this special Shiban line is used on Unix like systems to give instructions to your computer
        to how to launch certain file.

        You also noticed that each file in the folder is just plain text file, and to make it executable on Unix like 
        systems, we need to add this line at the very top.So this line must be the first line in executable file.

        what does this command do, it uses env executable to launch certain interpreter, in this cse - node. node must
        be in your path. so we launch node interpreter and inside node interpreter we execute the contents given executable
        file.

        if we run this - /usr/bin/env node on terminal then we enter into node console, where we can execute any js code.
        this comamnd uses env executable to launch certain interpreter in this case node, and node must be in your path.


    In windows -
        In windows file must have a extension to know which application will be used to execute it. if you open .bin folder
        in node-modules in windows, then you will find that it contains 2 files with same name, one without extension and one
        with .cmd extension. inside .cmd file it is using node to execute js files.

        