Other learnings-

    1)lets say we have container and in container we have 2 block level elements. so these elements have width of 100%;
        but if we apply display: flex to container then flex items will have width just enough to contain their content.
        so width of flex items is changed.

    2)if we have a contianer which is block elemnt and it is having some content. if we apply position: fixed to it, then 
        width of container, will adjust which is just enough to contain content of container.

        also if continer has some content which is block level it will have width of 100%, if continaer has position,
        fixed, then width of child will reduce to just accomodate content. if child is having sme hardcode width then also,
        width of container will be , just accomodate child

    3)When we apply position:fixed to element, we can chnage its size by top: 0, bottom: 100 or left : 0, right: 0



Code base- 7 items placed in same line.

1)To horizontal center -
    margin-left: auto;
    margin-right: auto;

    1)If no other element is on line then our item wll be centered.
    2)if there are some itemson same line, for item wll be placed on middle avalaible space.(1.png)

2)To move a item to extereme right side of container-
    margin-left: auto

    a)If you do this on 7th item, it will be moved to extereme right side of container.(2.png)
    b)if you do that on 6th item, both 6th and 7th item will move to right side of caontainer, 7th will touch container
        boundary, before that we will have 6th item.(3.png)


3)we have margin-left: auto is applied on 1st and 6th item.in case after placing all elements in container. rest space will
    will be equally divided between margin-left of both items.(4.png)

With flexbox-

    In above code we saw that how we can do margin-left:auto or margin-right: auto to horizontally move a element. but if we try to do this 
        same thing vertically, it wnt work. i.e in normal formatting context margin-top and margin-bottom are ignored.but if we use flexbox it can work.
        so if chnage formatting context to diplay: flex, then margin-top:auto and margin-bottom:auto work in same way as margin-left: auto and margin-rght: auto
        work in all other regular contexts. this would work in flex as well

    In code we have a flexbox in which which flex direction is column. here we are using margin-top and margin-bttom to move items along y axis.