so by defualt width of flex container is 100%. so what happens if items take more than that much width? as in code width of 
    each box is calc(33.3333333% - 20px). if each box is given that much width, flex items will move out from container.
    
    1)flex box will start decreasing width of each item to make them fit into container.But while decreasing width it has to 
      respect  minimum width of each item.like in code we can give min-width to each item or we can increase number of char 
      inside each item, so this item will have greater width than rest.now still items can move out from container 
      and we will have scroll in browser if required.

   2)In above situuation, If we want to shrink items unequally. we can use flex-shrink, to control ratio how those items are 
      shrink. but flex-shrink will also respect min-width given to each item. default value of flex-shrink
      is 1.it means all items will shrink unequally.

   3)Other solution can be, we can give some hardcoded width to container. so that it can accmodate all items, now flexbox won't
      compress those items.

   4)Other solution is we can have use flex-wrap property. we are telling flexbox, not to shrink flex items, but take remaining
      items to next rows, if there isnt enugh space. if there is enough space then this proeprty wnt do anything.

   5)By Default flex items were stretching all way across to occupy full height of container. after we apply flex wrap, we divide 
      container into rows. 
      
      when there was single row, height of that row was such that it stretched across whole height of container(if container has 
      fixed height).this height of rows is controlled by align-items(defualt value is stretch).this is because container had fixed 
      height. if we dnt give height to container then it will have height according to height its items. if we start increasing 
      height of item,it will move out from row and container.
      
      when we use flex-wrap, we can have multiple rows.so flex box figures out how many rows it needs to create to have all items
      inside them(by respecting any induival height or min-height given to item). now we have some extra space in container, now
      because defualt value of align-content is strechm, browser divides this space equally amoung all rows.and adjust the height 
      of each row so that they occupy full contianer as defaut value of align-content is stretch.
      
      If we start increasing height of one item, size of whole row will start increasing. it will start taking this from extra 
      height given to other rows(extra height means height more than min-heigth required by other items). so items are still in 
      container.now we reach point when other rows have bare minimum height(figure 2),if keep on increasing height of our item,
       now content starts moving out from cntainer(figure 3). all this is because coainer has hardcoded height, if we dnt do this,
       then container will have height to accmodate all rows.

      lets say we give induival heights to our items which is less than height for row, in that case rows will have same height,
      within row, item will have it's given height. so point to be noted is that align-content or align-items control the height of
      rows not of induival item. refer figure 1.
      
Note- Above case is when we have main axis along x axis. if main axis is along y axis then width becomes height and height
      becomes width and vice versa.

Questions -
   1)give some height to container , turn on flex-wrap. you will have multile rows. now give height to one more, there is unusual
      gap.