regular expressions -

    1)(/learn react/i) - case insenstive

jest assetion -

    Example 1-
        expect(linkElement).toBeInTheDocument();

            expect -
                jest global, starts the assertion

            expect argument -
                subject of assertion

            matcher -
                type of assertion
                this match comes from Jest-DOM

            matcher argument -
                refines the matcher

            here matcher coms from jest-dom

    Examples of jest mathchers -

        expect(element.content).toBe('Hello')
        expect(elementsArray).toHaveLength('Hello')

jest -dom -
    comes with create-react-app(installed by default by create-react-app)
    it uses setUptest.js to import jest-dom before each test, means jest-dom matchers are avalible for every test

    exmaples of matchers -
        toBeVisisble()
        toBeChcked()

jest -

    jest-wtach mode -

        in ceeate react app "npm test" runs the jest in watch mode.
        watch mode is way in whch you can run jest so tht it will watch for changes in fles since last commit.
        it will only run test that are related to files which changed since last comit
        if no files is chnaged since lat commit, then you have o tell jest which test you want to run


How jest works -

    How does it knows test fails or passed?

        test fails if error is thrown when running function passed to test
        assertions throw errors wwhen expectation fails
        no errors thrown means test passed => empy test should also pass as no error is thrown
        also if we manually throw a error in test, it will fail
        usually we do not throw error deliberately in tests to make them fail, usually you run assertions, but the assertions 
            job is to thow error, if expectation fails and test will fail.

TDD(Test Driven Development) -
    Red Green Testing
    Write test Before writing Code
        write shell function => wite test => test fail => write code => test pass

    benefites -
        a)Makes diffrence how writing test feels as part of process -
            make writing test as part of coding process and not as a chore that you have to do that at the end.
        b)more efficient - you run your app to see if it works, that is manual testig. but if you have all those test 
            written as you go along, every time you make a chnage, you get to rerun your tests. you you get free regression 
            testing. you dnt have to open your app and manually test if your app made a difference.


react-testing library philosophy -

    Wht does it do?
        Creates virtual DOM 
        provides utilities(like finc elements in DOM and click on them) for interacting with that virtual DOM
        this allows for testing without a browser

    types of testing -
        Unit testing - Test one unit of code in isolation. this unit is function or react component
        
        Integration Testing - tests how multiple units interact togather, tests interactin between components and
            between different micro services.
        
        Functional testing - these test a particular fuction(behaviour not one particular code function) of software.
            ou enter data into form and click on submit. now you want to check function that software does right thing 
            with that particular set of data.that might be integration test that have mutiple units but you also might have
            functional test  that's a unit test. maybe just testing to see whether when you enter invalid data, entry box
            turns red. that would be more of unit test but still be a functional test.

            idea of fucntional test is you are not testing your code but your behaviour.and this distinction might sound familiar
            with first lecture where we said that react library encourages testing how usrs use your software and not 
            testing you internal code implementation. so react library encourages functional test.
        
        Acceptance/ End to End testing -
            uses actual browser and server. react-testing library is not built fot this.they need cypress, selenium etc.


Functional testing vs Unit testing

    Unit Test -
        a)isolated, use mock versions of dependencies.
        b)you also test internas- you need to do this becaise when testing component in inslation, all you can do is to test
            the state differences that it made to state because yu dnt have other components to see what difference it made
            to your app.
        c)when isolated it is very esy to pinpoint the failures.
        d)furthers from how users are intercating with software.you test can pass even when ypur users have failures and 
            your test can fail when users intercating with app have success.
        e)more likely to break when refactoring, refactoring means changing how your software is written without changing
            the behavour.with unit testing you are writing how your softwate is written, which mesn you are testing your 
            internals.which means if you chnage how it is written it might break even through behaviour is same.this is negative
            as if your software is still working as it is supposed to be, your test should pass.

    Functional testing -
        a)include all relevent units for paticular behavior or user flow tgat you are testing. benefit is it cloe to how
        users interact with software.which means it is more likely that passing test means users are going to be ok and 
        failing test means users will have problem.
        b)test are robust, which means even if you refactor your cod as long as your behaviour remains same, test will pass.
        c)more difficult to debug

    React Tesing library means advantages of fucntional testing are more, so we will be doing functional testing here.


TDD vs BDD -

    see leture


Testing Library and accessibiity -

    Testing library is opinated abut how to find elements as it is opinated towards most things and it recommnds
    finding elements by accessiblity handles or finding them way assistive technologies or screen readers would be
    able to find them.

    how to see which role to look for -

        https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/#role_definitions - list all roles, click on induival role it will open a table,
            check "Base Concept".

    also you can give any role to any html element by using role attribute.
