font-family and font stack-
    we use font faily property  to set fonts for a selector. now we can mention font names here. bt problem is
    user visiting from website may or maynot have that font. here we can also mention some default browser fonts,
    like seriff, san-seriff, defult. we can customize in browser seetting, what font should be used when we mention
    sanseriif.

    then we sw saw concept of font-stack. it means we can mention multiple values for font family. whichever font is 
    avalible in user's system will be used. it will start looking from left to right.

    how do we comup with font-stack for a particular font. you can take help of websites like cssfotstack, here you can
     select a font and it will give you font stack for that font. for ex- font stack for Garamond is-

     font-family: Garamond,Baskerville,Baskerville Old Face,Hoefler Text,Times New Roman,serif; 
        here it will start trying fonts staritng from Garamond until it find a font.


Using google-fonts-
    if we want to try other fonts that are on our computer nd we want to give every one same eexperince then we can 
        use googl fonts. there w=you can select mulitple fonts. then you will get a link, you need to include that link
        in header section before you have link of cs file in which we are going to us this fornt-family. this is because
        we want this font to be loaded before we can use it our css file.

        there is another in which you can import your styles directly in css file, that way is slower, so we will not use
        it. also while importing font, we need to import bold,italic,font-weight versions of that font also.oherwise 
        bold,italic or font-weight will not work. so go back to gogole font and select these versions, then use updated
        link to include in your html. later if you want to chnage font weight, just change the number in the link and it
        will work.

        Downside of this is that, fonts need to downloaded to person's computer. so it can be slow and it can cause fonts
        to shift. we call it FOUT(Flash of unstyled text).so what's gonna happen is san sherif version will comein
        while font is being downloaded and when font is downloaded when webpage will ue that font. a font has many versions
        like light,extra light, bold,thin,regularsemi bld, blavk, extra black. every one of these is like extra weight.it
        pretty much nearly doubles the size of file.
         so need to be vcareful here, import ony those fonts that you actually use. fonts are one of things that slows
         down the websites the most.

    there are other options like gogole fonts. if we have our our fonts that compatible with web then we can make user
    use those.we will see this later. but advantage with google fonts is that most popular fonst are widely used and 
    it is highly likely that those are already in user's cache.

One thing to be noticed here is that by default h1,h2  are bold, i.e they have font weight of 800. but lets say we have
imported normal font and font with font-weight of 900, then h1 and h2 will have this font of 900 because it is only
font avalible which is more bold then normal one.it may be case that someone has lato installed on his computer, and he 
has fontweight 800 also installed , in that case there h1,h2 will pick font weight of 800, which is defult. so to make 
expereince same for everyone, we should mention font-weight: 900 in element selectors of h1 ad h2