5)you solved the problem but course solution is little better approach.
7)I solved the questions but course solution is also good.have a look at it.
8)After solving 7 this was natural, try to solve directly this one.
9)good question, but i solved it.
10)i solved the qquestion with same complexity as cousre solution, but got many typos on it. also curse solution is
    alternate approach having same complexity.



2nd try -
    3)I solved it but course solution is better.
    10)Solved it but missed a edge case. also course solution is clean.


3rd try -
    solved all

Star Problems -
    3)
    5)
    7) see patteern for finding permutations in another string with charDic -. 
        we maintain count of matchedChars, when matched chars = count of chars in pattern, we have a count.
    8) AFter solving 7, you get idea. try solving this directly
    9)
    10)course solution is better



Pattern Notes -
    Mainly 2 patterns -
        a)size of window is fixed, so while expanding the window, check if size is greater that required, yes contract the window
            until condition that you are evaluating remians true.then calculating length of wwidnow
        b)sometimes we need find maxSize , in that case contract the window until condition becomes false.while contracting the
            window ,calculate maxSize

    In Some questions we need to find if all charcsters are present in str or not(even permutations), we use this approach -
        1)we maintain charDic object, with char as properties, value of these properties is frequency of chars in pattern.
            we decrement their count on each match in main string. when count of one char becomes 0, we increment the 
            match count. when match count == no. of distinct chars in string, then we have our match.note if know
            length of pattren, then we can keep length of window fixed. also while shriniking window, we need to increase
            the charCount frequency. if length of window is fixed then we dnt need to worry about chars in str that are not in
            pattern.
            
            7 - need to check if permutation of pattern is present or not
            8 - find all matches of pattern in string. same as 7 as we are maintaining the charCount in each widnow of pattern 
                length, this is same 7

        2)Even if we need to find all characters of pattrn in str , where window length is avarible, it can be done by finding
            all matches first then decreasing the window.