In This lecture we saw that how we can give width to columns and height to rows.
1)fr keyword
    In Mozilla Docs-
        Is a non-negative dimension with the unit fr specifying the track’s flex factor. Each <flex>-sized track takes a share
        of the remaining space in proportion to its flex factor. When appearing outside a minmax() notation, it implies an 
        automatic minimum (i.e. minmax(auto, <flex>)).
    fr means fractional unit.here we saw use of fr unit in sizing of elements. lets say our columns are like this-
            grid-template-columns: 25% 25% 25% 25%
            grid-gap: 20px

        here we will have some scroll. because we are 20px*3 space is short , so scroll is required. here fr units
        comes into our rescue. lets say we use this-
            grid-template-columns: 300px 2fr 1fr 200px
            grid-gap: 20px

        fractional units represent the amount of space left, after all the elements that have hard coded width are laid out.
        so what happens is css grid will first go and lay out all the columns that it needs to i.e that
        have explicit width or explicit height (in case of rows). so it lays out fixed width columns
        , then it lays out grid-gap, after that it allocates extra space between columns, in 2: 1. we
        dnt have any scroll bar now.

        we can also use fr units for row, there height is calculated in this way. in code we did this. From MDN Docs-
            When appearing outside a minmax() notation, it implies an automatic minimum 
            (i.e. minmax(auto, <flex>)).
        This point mean same as usecase 2. which is mentioned below.

2)auto
    To see how auto works see txt file of folder 3.there also see cobninatio of fr and auto.

Some Usecases-
    1)note that if width of columns are as such that they are greater than width of container, and width of one of column is in fr.
    then that column will have width which is just enough to accomodate its content.so in that case width depends upon largest 
    content(that needs to be displayed on single line) on that column .let say columns are outside grid and we have 2 columns that 
    have width in fr unit, they have width of 1fr and 10fr. as there is no free space left, both columns will have width which is 
    just enough to accomodate their content(text with spaces will be broken to multiples rows, auto also behaves in same way here).
    it my happen that column with  width 10fr has width less than column with width 1fr.also if we have given hardcoded width to 
    columns then columns will move outside the container, if screen size is not enough, then we will have scroll bar.

    2)Now let's consider we have 3 columns with width 1fr,1fr, 1fr. now column1,column2 and columns3 will have equal width.
    lets say that width is 'x' px.but lets consider column2 has content that is wider than 'x' px, then column 2 will
    take some more width so that its contnet can be accomodated, so now column 1 & 3 will have some less width. what happened
    here is column 2 had width that is required to contain its content then rest of space will be divided between column1
    and column2. so minimum width of column is width that is required to contain its content.
    
        In Above cases we said that column 2 has content that cannot be fitted in 'x' px. lets understand it
        1)column 2 has some html element which has width which is more that 'x' px.
        2)column 2 has unspaced text whose length is greater than 'x' px.
        3)if column 2 has some text but it has spaces between it, so in that case text can be moved to next line.
        now we cannot say that column 2 has content that cannot be accomodated in 'x' px.iN case case there will no chnage 
        in width.
    
    lets say insted of text we some inline-block elements inside grid-item, now these will be treated as text.
    that is each item will be treated as text without spaces.This concept of treating each item as word in not specific to
    fr.it is generalized. same also is applied to min-content and max-content.In fr also same concept is applied. so this is how
    we calculate width when grid-template-column has value of max-content and min-content.

so here is summary of fr units, first we calculate the length of each column according to amount to free spcae avalible
and fr units given(like 1 fr,5 fr). now 2 things can happen-
    1) one thing is, content of columns can fit inside that width, in this case columns will have width calculated by fr
    units.
    2)second is content cannot fit inside it.In this case column will have minimum width which is required to fit it'
     content.for all other columns having fr units, free space will recalculated. and they will be given width
     accordingly.