Every HTML element will have its layout calculated by a layout algorithm. These are known as “layout modes”, and there are 7
    distinct ones.
    
    Flow layout -Flow layout is the default layout mode.A plain HTML document, with no CSS applied, uses Flow layout exclusively.
    There are two main element types in Flow layout:

    There are two main element types in Flow layout:
        block elements - chunks of content.
        inline elements - : things like links, or a string of bold text. Generally, inline elements are meant to highlight bits 
            of text, or elements within a block container.

    In flow layout, block elements stack in the block direction, and inline elements stack in the inline direction.

    Inline elements don't want to make a fuss
        these proeprties dnt work on inline element -

            a)width
            b)height
            c)margin-top/bottom
            d)padding-top/bottom - takes padding but padding overlaps upper and below elements.
            e)margin-left/right does not take auto value. but margin-left moves them.


        Relaced Element -
            a replaced element includes foreign object. this includes -
                img
                video
                canvas
            these elements are inline bit they are special: they can affect block layout. you can give them explicit dimnesions
                or add add some margin-top/bottom.
    
    Block Elements - When you place a block level element on the page, its content box greedily expands to fill the entire 
        available horizontal space.you can give custom width to them they will respect. if you want your element to be as wide
        as required then use 
            width: fit-content;
    
        Elements that are display: block will stack in the block direction, regardless of their size.    

    Inline elements have “magic space” - vertically below.this is because inline elements are treated as text.this space is proportional
        to line height.
        solution - set line-height: 0 or set display: block.
    space between inline elements - this because of whitespaces in html.this is specififc to flow layout.
    
    
    Inline Elements can line wrap - 

    inline-block -it turns into a block element, as far as its own CSS declarations are concerned. But from the other layout's
     (or parent's) perspective, it's an inline element. It lays it out as an inline element, in the inline direction beside 
     the text.

    Inline-block doesn't line-wrap - Here's the big downside with inline-block: It disables line-wrapping. as a result whole
        element is moved down which leaves a weird gap.
    


New Things -
    width: fit-content;