Different CSS properties will trigger different steps in the pixel pipeline. 


If we animate an element's height, we'll need to recalculate the layout, since an item shrinking might mean that its siblings scoot up 
    to fill the space.For this reason, it's best to try and avoid animating any properties that affect layout: this is things like width,
    height, padding, margin.

Properties like background-color will never affect layout, because there aren't any colors that change an element's position on the page.
    So it'll be faster than animating a property that does affect layout.

The transform property, however, is special: it can animate a property without even triggering a paint step! Like with scrolling, it can
    reuse the work done on previous steps.

    There are only two properties that can be animated with compositing alone: transform and opacity. In Chrome, filter can also be 
    composited, and they're working on supporting more properties, like clip-path and background-color.


Does that mean that you can only ever animate transform and opacity? Personally, I think we can be a little bit more flexible than that.
    Not all repaints / layout-recalculations are created equal! For example, tweaking the height of an absolutely-positioned element 
    tends to be quicker, since there's no chance that it will cause siblings to be shifted.


Hardware Acceleration

    will-change is a property that allows us to hint to the browser that we're going to animate the selected element, and that it should
        optimize for this case.In practice, what this means is that the browser will let the GPU handle this element all the time. No 
        more handing-off between CPU and GPU, no more telltale “snapping into place”.will-change lets us be intentional about which 
        elements should be hardware-accelerated. Browsers have their own inscrutable logic around this stuff, and I'd rather not leave 
        it up to chance.

    Alternate Properties -
        transform: translateZ(0px)
        backface-visibility: hidden.



Josh Talk -
    
