Feature -

    main features -
    1)Line history. Hover over git lens comment for that line, opens lot of options, like -blame for all file, open that commit.
    2)At top right of vs code click at git lens icons-
        a)Blame for whole file(provides heat map on right, color can customized, hot and cold is relarive to commits of file)
        b)heat Map(can be opened from commapnd pallete)
        c)toggle file change - Highlists the changes made in last commit. Green - new files added, blue - existing fles are edited
    3)Once you have open a file chnages made in commit. on top right there is backward and forward icon, so that you can move forward 
        and backward in timeline.these are called - "Open Changes with previous revision", "Open Changes with next revision". 
        in the middle of these there is a icon, by clicking on it, you will open commit details.

    1)File History - 
        List of commits in which changes were made for opened file-
            clciking on commit will open difference between that commit and particular commit.

        Options in file history Tab-
            a)Pin the current history - History tab will be froze, even if you select other file.
            b)Change base - Right now, you are seeing file history on branch where you are currently on, but you can see file history on diffrent branche,
                by chnaging base. Here you can select a diffrent branch, tag,you can also select a commit, by pressing # and then commit id. but selecting
                commit here is not that useful. now you will see see commits of selected branch. if there is any extra commit then you can right click on that
                commit and click on apply, then that commit will be applied to your current file. changes will be staged, you have to commit. other files wnt
                be changed only that particular file be changed.
            c)Also in command pallete serach - Git lens: View file History, here you can even search by commit message.After selecting the commit from here,
                you get the options that you get while right clicking on commit in file history tab.
        
        Options of Individual Commit -
            There are options on right of each commit(these can be opened by right clicking on commit)-
                1)Open at remote - Opens the current file at browser.
                2)copy sha of commit.
                3)Open changes with working file =Diffrence between Currently saved file and changes done in that commit.
                4)Open File at Revision - Open file with changes done in that particualr commit(read only mode)
                5)undo commit - undo all changes of commit, files are staged. now you need commit them.

                RC on commit -
                    1)commit- 
                        a)Revert Commit - runs git revert "commit id".(creates additional commits to undo the changes)
                        b)Switch to commit.(takes you to that commit i.e working head)
                    2)Open changes - compare file at that commit with previous commit.
                    3)open changes - 
                        a)open changes with working file - compare file saved on disk and  file at that commit.
                        b)open changes with revision(then select a commit) - compare file on disk , with file at selected commit
                        c)open changes with branch or tag - compare file on disk with selected barnch or tag.
                        d)highliht changes - opens current file and highlights chnages done in last commit.
                        e)highlight changes at revison - open file state at that commit and highlist the chnages made at that commit.
                    4)Open file - Open file on disk
                    5)Open file at revison - open file when that commit was madein read only mode.
                    6)Open file at remote - opens file in browser.
                    7)Open commit at remote - open commit in browser.
                    8)browse
                    9)Reveal Commit on side bar - open commits in commit window. there you can se all files chnaged in that commit.
                    10)Search for commit in side bar - opens commits in search & Compare
                    10)select for compare - select to compare this state of file with another state.
                    11)compare with selected - compare file at this commit with selected commit.
                    11)copy - copy message
                    12)copy as - copy sha, copy message, copy remote commit url, copy remote file url
                    13)apply changes- Explained in Change base. if you try to apply some previous commit, then it wnt work.
                    14)restore - do not know

    2)Line History - list of commits for line on which you are.if you selected multiple lines then it will show history for multiple commits.
        Go to each line, there you will see who chnaged that line. Hover over it you will see what is changed. you can even see whole commit.
        also there is option called "Blame previous reveisons". it will open a file, which will just show who chnaged which line.

    1)In search and compare Tab

        1)Compare Branches, tagrences and ref - 
        2)Searching a commit by message, author, hashId etc
    
    2)Commit Tab-
        1)During merge conflicts
            In commit tab. You can see all changes made in branch 1 after common commit.
            In Commit tab, You can see all changes made in branch 2 after common commit.
    

    
    
   
    4)Search & Compare -
        1)Search commits
        2)Compare branches,tags   
        
    5)Miscellaneous -
        1)Compare a file, with same file in another branch- 
            In command pallete search - Open Changes