Web accessibility refers to making websites and applications accessible to people with disabilities. It is about removing 
    barriers to access, so that websites and applications can be accessed and used by people with disabilities.


    On the Web, there are several things you might do that can potentially impede access to information for people with 
        disabilities.

        Absence of keyboard focus indicators
        Absence of labels on form controls
        Buttons, links and UI widgets that can’t be operated with a keyboard
        Images without alternative (alt) text
        Videos without captions, transcripts, or audio descriptions
        Low color contrast and small fonts
        And certain types of motion and animations that can’t be paused or stopped


What is a11y?

    Accessibility is often referred to as “a11y” in the web community. see figure 1.
    also it it looks like "ally".

Accessibility vs inclusivity on web

    It addresses issues specifically related to disability, and it does not try to address broader issues.

    On the other hand, inclusive web design is about encapsulating a wide range of people from various backgrounds and 
        cultures, ages, abilities and disabilities, genders, geographical locations, languages, computer literacy, and
        more. It tries to address diverse issues so that all users are involved to the greatest extent possible—and that
        includes people with disabilities. So inclusive design encompasses accessibility. A product isn’t inclusive if 
        it is not accessible.

    Internationalization is example of inclusivity.
    Web Performance is another example of inclusivity.


Accessibility also benefits normal users.
    video caption example
    high contrast example


Accessibility vs Usability
    see course


So accessibility implementation is the first step in making truly inclusive and usable products, and it should always be 
    followed by usability testing.

“Think of accessibility as the lowest bar; it works with assistive technology, but to go beyond ‘it works’ to ‘it’s enjoyable
 and easy to use’ you’ll need to test with real users.”


Types of disabilities-
    visual
    hearing
    mobility
    cognititive

How people with disabilities access web -
    they use assistive technologies -

        Keyboards, screen readers, braille displays, voice recognition software, switch controls, and screen magnifiers.

        Operating system and browser accessibility display modes (such as dark mode, and Windows High Contrast Mode) are
            also a form of assistive technology.

    This means that users accessing the Web might:

        use a keyboard instead of a mouse,
        change browser or OS settings to make content easier to read,
        use a screen reader to ‘read’ (speak) content out loud,
        use a screen magnifier to enlarge part or all of a screen,
        use voice commands to navigate a website


    It’s practically impossible to predict all the ways your visitors may choose to browse your website or use your product.
    
    Furthermore, people might use more than one AT at a time. There are people who navigate the Web using on-screen keyboard,
        mouse headband, and voice recognition software at the same time.
        
    Accessibility design and development considers the wide range of AT that people use to extend their capabilities.

    Understanding how people with disabilities browse the web using assistive technologies is critical to designing and 
        implementing accessible and inclusive products and services.for that you can see videos linked with this page.

    It should be clear at this point that Web accessibility is therefore about more than making a site work with screen readers.

We’ll mention quite a few ATs in this course, and you’ll learn how to design and write code in a way that makes your product
    accessible to as many of them as possible. We’ll focus on some ATs more than others — such as screen readers, voice 
    controls, keyboard (and keyboard-like), as well as forced color modes.

Simulating disabilities is not enough, you need real users to test them.

In order to design and develop for accessibility, we need to have some standard or universal guidelines to, well, guide us.
If you want to start creating accessible products, the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines is where you need to start.

    