1)DNS Lookup - After this initial lookup, the IP address will probably be cached for a while, so next visits on the same website
    will happen faster since there's no need for a DNS lookup (remember, a DNS lookup only happens the first time we visit a 
    website).
2)TCP (Transmission Control Protocol) Handshake - It is protocol which is for communicating between 2 computers on web.
    It is designed to send packets (of data) across the Internet and ensure the successful delivery of data and messages over 
    networks.

    The TCP Handshake is a mechanism designed so that two entities (in our case the browser and the server) that want to pass
    information back and forth to each other can negotiate the parameters of the connection before transmitting data.


    TCP is designed to send information in bytes over network and is designed to deliver the information on web.
    It starts sending information in small packets and waits for broser ackowldgement to send next one. first packet is of 
    size 14 kb.TCP three-way handshake (also called SYN-SYN-ACK, or more accurately SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK,
    
        1)SYNK -browser sends message to server that it wants to open a connection.
        2)SYNK-ACK -server accepts it and opens the connection, and sends a message back to browser saying it also wants to open 
            a connection.
        3)ACK - browser again sends a message that connection has been opened.

3)TLS Negotiation - For secure connections established over HTTPS, another handshake is needed. This handshake (TLS negotiation)
    determines which cipher will be used to encrypt the communication, verifies the server and establishes that a secure 
    connection is in place before beginning the actual transfer of data.

    Successor of SSL. decides the cipher to use. steps involved -
    
    1)browser says hello - browser sends message which has -
        a)which TLS version and cipher suite it supports 
        b)string of random bytes known as the client random.

    2)Server hello and certificate - The server sends a message back, which has -
        a)Server's SSL certificate
        b)Server's chosen cipher suite
        c)String of random bytes called server random

    3)Verification and Premaster Secret - 
        a)Client verifies the certificate with authority that issued it.This way the browser can be sure that the server is who 
            it says it is.
        b)Premaster Secret - Client again sends a random string,but encrypts it with public key which browser takes from SSL
            certificate.this can only be decrypted with private key by browser.

    4)The server decrypts the premaster secret.
    5)The browser and server generate session keys from the client random, the server random and the premaster secret.
    6)Finished - first client and then browser sends message to each other stating that they have finished.
    7)The handshake is completed and communication can continue using the session keys.

    
    
    


    3)browser verifies the certificate with issuing authority and sends a string which encyrted by key which is certificate.
        this is called premaster secret.
    4)server decrpts this key.
    5)bith client and server generates session keys.