19)Maven local repository concepts
    Before talking to remote repository first maven checks the local cache. in mac that cache is at  -
        .m2/repository folder in home directory. here yoy ca see name accroding to groupId, if you go into groupId
        folder than you can see name by artifacts id, under artifactid folder, you can see versions, under version
        you can see .jar.

    If version that you have mentioned of a artifact contains snapshot, then after 24 hours maven  goes
    to remote repository directly even if match is in cache, because that match is 1 day older.
    in all other cases if there is match found in local cache, then it doe snot go to remote repository.

    also if you made any changes in maven convention, you can mention those by defining settings.xml file in .m2.
    but remember - convention over configuration


20)Maven architecture in enterprise
    see figure 1. orgs maintain a internal repository also before going to remote repository.
    In this repository they can put internal packages published by them.if some package is not found on this internal repository
    then it reachs to maven central repository abd downloads the package and cache's it.


21)running mvn install
    you can also publish your artifact and use it in other project.for that you need to use  -
        mvn install
    It generates the artifact/package/jar in target folder as well as it also generate sit in local repository.

    so now you can use maven coordinates and in your next project, you can use your artifact.


22)here we created a new maven project in IDE
    It is in folder folder code.


23)creating and running a web application using maven
    here we create a servlet app using a different archetype.
    then we ran the application on server , provided by jetty plugin -
    mvn jetty:run

    this plugin lets us run eclipse jetty as maven command.this command builds up war file , spins up a jetty server container and deploys
    that file on it.