1)box-sizing(lecture 32)(non inheritable)
    content-box(default), 
    border box
2)display(lecture 32)
    block,inline,none,inline-block
3)text-align(lecture 37)
    left,right,center, justify,start,end
4)text-decoration(lecture 39)
    underline,overline
5)border-radius(lecture 45)
    circular and elipteracal radius

6)margin: 0 auto(lecture 68)
    this trick is used to align element in middle.
    margin-right:auto. this takes the element to extreme right

7)float and clear(lecture 75)


9)z-index(lecture 85)
    a)By default every element has value of auto applied for z-index , auto value is equal to 0(if you hav not chnaged anything,
     this is what you can normally assume- auto is equal to 0).
    b)you can only give manual z-index to positioned eleemnt(i.e elements with value of position proeprty other than static). it means you cannot
     give manual z-index to element with position:static
    c)if two elemnts have unequal z-index, then element with higher z-index will come on top. this is independent of position property.
    exception is stacking context, point e.
    d)when 2 elements have same z-index then we have 2 cases-
        1)if both are  positioned elements(i.e elements with value of position proeprty other than static) with same z-index,then order 
         in html file matters, element which comes later in html file will be at top.again if z-index are unequal, then element with 
         higher z-index comes on top of other.
        2)If one element is non-positioned(position: static) and other is positioned(posotion other than static) than positioned element 
         will always come on top
    e)Then we saw concept of stacking context(lecture 91), it means if we have 2 elements parent1 and parent2. both are positioned 
     elements. now lets say z-index of parent1 is higher than z-index of parent. but childs of parent2 have z-index, event higher 
     than z-index of parent1. even then, parent1 will come on top of childs of parent2.
    f)you can only assign integars as value(positive or negative). if you give it 1.5, it completly ignores it. it means it will
     z-index value of auto.

    Docs Link-
    a)https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/z-index

10)overflow(lecture 90)
    hidden,visible(hidden), scroll and auto
    a)element must have set height or width for this property to work
    a)used to hide child eleemnts that go outisde parent
    b)overflow :hidden proeprty cannot be applied on body tag. if we apply it it as transfered to html tag.
     this is default css behaviour.but if html tag already has overflow:hidden(or overflow:auto) applied, then overflow:hidden 
     on body will work
    c)see 

11)background
    a)background-color: blue
    b)background-image: url("path")

12)calc
    width: calc(50% -10px);

13)letter-spacing (wes bross flexbox course)

14)white-space
https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/w/whitespace/

15)outline, outline-offset



