https://learn-a11y.netlify.app/accessible-html/index.html


Lot of thing in accesibility can be achieved by using proper or semanric elements in html for what yo are trying to accomplish.


some elements do not have functionlaity but have some semantic meaning , these might help your SEO scores, your ebsite health 
    score, but they dnt really do anything.they do not add any extra utility for screen readers.


but some provide lot of fucntionlaity.we can use a div and style it as a button, but it will have impact on accessibility.

screen readers can read all links, all headings in a page.so alays use properr h1 tags, for nesting always use h2 inside h1 
    and all. some people use div and use css for styling, do not use that, screen readers cannot read through css.
    also some time people use div ,span and then style them as button, dnt do that, always us buttons.

labels -
    then we saw how labeling makes forms accessible. Some time in design we do not want labels, in that case just hide them.
    
    but some fields are not lableble, there we need to use aria -
        <div aria-label=""some text></div>

    when will your aria-label read by screen reader?, for this you need to make your div focusable and you need to focus on it 
        to read the content aloud. aability to make them focusable is done by by tab index.

    Sometimes you just want to communicate with screen reader without showing anthng on actual website. read website mentioned 
    above.

buttons -
    read link. aria labels used -

        role
        aria-label

    other attrbiutes -
        tabindex


LInks -
    sometimes clue that whta link does is visual, like -
        Do download code "clicl here"

    if sceen reader user read all links in page in one go, then he will not get any idea, for that use aria-label-

    <a aria=label="github repo link for code">Click Here<a/>

Button vs LInks -

    use buttons for interaction on page, use links to navigate t other page.
    do not use button for navigating to other page.

Sometimes you have submit button but clicking on it redirects you. is there any way of telling user that he will be taken soewhere
 else? within aria we can add roles like has transiotion, has popup, has navigation. it tells user it is submit button, but we 
 will do different thing here.like tis is button label is register for account but it as aria haspopup.


