1)By defualt except for h1, default margin(top, bottom) for all elements is equal to its font size.
    it is expressed as em units.(all h1, p)

2) 2em means 2 times font size.

3)Margin Collapsing - It means margin(top and bottom are combined togather) when 2 margins touch each other.

    Problems-
        a)margin-top of first child can merge with margin-top of parent.in code we added margin-top to h1,
        but it moved whole div tag down and if we give margin-bottom to last p tag. background of div does
        not extend. all this is because of margin collapsing.it is because in both cases it is added to margin 
        of parent. In figure, contianer is not having any margin-top, but still it is koved down, because it 
        takes margin from child and child it placed like it is not having any margin.

    Solution-
        margin collapsing occurs only when margins touch each other. so in above case if we give padding to parent,
        the, margin of parent and child wnt touch and our problem is solved.
    
    One observation with margin collapsing is, even if margin of child is added to parent. if we inspect in dev tools
        we wnt see any margin on parent, however we can see margin on child.

4)when to use padding and when to use margin

5)being consistent with margins
    
    1)In order to make margin consistent. it is good approach to turn off margin-top on typography related elements(like p, h1), then
    we can use padding on parent and know the exact spacing that we will have and can keep all sides consistent.now margin-top of parent 
    and fist child will not combine, to get weier and uneven spacing. also when we get to advance layouts (like flexbox, grid) margins do 
    no collapse. so this helps us to stay more consistant. so we always work in same way and we do not get this strange behaviour where spacing 
    chnages depends upon context, how we are making our layouts.

    insteading of doing it on each selector,we can do this by combining selectors like this.

    h1,h2,h3 p {
        margin-top: 0;
    }

    2)here in code, spacing around div is inconsistent, to make it consistent we use above trick. we removed only margin top.
        for last elemnt of div , we gave it a class and gave it margin-bottom of 0. so in this way we have consistent gap
        around div. so, we always have to manually select  last elemnt and turn off its margin-bottom. for now its fine but we have more
        advance ways to do it. we will see them.


quesstions
    1)what is auto in class
    2)us of header, footer, main and section tags.