1)when flex-box does not have enough space to fit all items, all items begin to shrink. but they do not shrink below their min-width/
    min-height. in case of text only content , this is length of longest word. multi word text starts getting splitted into multiple
    lines.there are 2 types of sizes -

    hypothetical size - Hypothetical size of flex-items if it is not acted by any other force. this hpothtical size -
        flex-basis proeprty
        width property
        width of content is above 2 are not specified

        now if there is enough space in conatiner then this hypothtical size is actual size, but when container size is not
        enough to provide this then items start shrinking.Setting width in a flex row (or height in a flex column) sets the 
        hypothetical size. It isn't a guarantee, it's a suggestion.
    
    min-content size - smallest an item can get without its contents overflowing.size below which flex-items cannot shrink.


flex-basis - 
    same as width and height but changes when we change main axis direction.
    If both are there flex-basis is given priority over width/height.

    There is one more difference between width and flex-basis: flex-basis can't scale an element below its minimum content size, but
    width can.Both width and flex-basis will change the hypothetical size of an element, but width can set that value below the 
    minimum content size. flex-basis can't.

    when both width and flex-basis are samller than min-content width, then whatever is larger is taken into account.


flex-grow - it comes to picture if there is extra spave in container after hypothtical size is given to all flex-items.
    different flex-items will try to occupy this extra space based on proportion of flex-grow proeprty.

flex-shrink - It comes into picture when container does not have enough width to have all items inside it. it is ratio in which
    items will shrink. note that items do not shrink below min-width.so once items hit their min-width, they stop shrinking.
    so flex-shrink only does something when items are between their minimum size to hypothetical size.

    min width of elements that have text content is width of largest word.
    however we can also set it manually using min-width property

    flex-shrink can't shrink an item below its minimum content size.


Exercise -
    we do not want one flex-item to shrink below its given width. solution -
        1)set flex-shrink to really high number for other item.
        2)set min-width instead of height, element cannot shrink below min-width.
    we want icon to remain at top even after decreasing width of container.