Here we saw "grid-auto-flow". here we saw that it can have values of
row(default),columns and dense(discussed later). THis proeprty does the following-

1)First grid item will be placed in first row and first column. now where second grid item
 will be placed is decided on basis of this proeprty.
    
    a)if we have "grid-auto-flow" equal to row(defualt) then new item will be placed on next
     column(if next column is defined in grid-template-column, otherwise it will be placed on next row)

    b)if we have "grid-auto-flow" equal to column then second item will be placed on next row(if next
     row is defined in grid-auto-rows, otherwise it will be placed on next column)

Next items will also be placed according to same rule

2)This point is also covered in first point lets see it separately also.

    depending upon value of this proeprty, items more than tracks will be accomodated in columns or rows.In Other
    words it decides whther implicit rows will be created or implicit columns will be created. defult value is row, 
    that means extra items will be acomodated in rows.

3)Depending upon value of this property, grid-colun and grid-row will behave diffrently. see folder 10
 for same.

Next questions is what will be the size of these implicitly created rows and columns. extra
coluns and rows are sized so that they fit inside container. if cotainer has no height or width.
then by default block elemnts has width of 100%. so extra columns will have wdith so that they cover rest of container.
IN case of rows, if cotainer is not haiving any given height , then it as height as long as it needs to be.
so height of rows will be to fit its content. but if cotainer has some given height, then extra rows will be
given height so as to fit cover rest of container.

If we dnt want this setup then, then we can use "grid-auto-rows" and "grid-auto-columns" to size these
extra rows and columns.Here we have used that in code.

Properties-
grid-auto-flow(see explanation in css tricks)