1)Performance - It's a combination, so it used to have like profiling and timeline. Now, you have this Performance tab. 
    So if I kind of like click the Record button on performance and scroll around the page and then I click Stop, you get
     a lot of information.So we'll be covering this pretty in-depth, but basically, it does like everything that your CPU
     is doing. So like all the JavaScript that gets parsed, what it's up to, where repaints happen, where JavaScript 
     bottlenecks could be anything like that.
2)Memory -so another kind of like confusing area is that for debugging memory leaks, you actually end up using the Performance
    and the Memory tab a lot?So it's a little bit confusing but the performance is like your kind of best place to start.this 
    Memory tab allows you to do these profiles, these snapshots basically where you can grab like a moment in time on the site
    and it'll show you all the memory that's been allocated to your site, what it's for, why it got there, everything like that.

3)Security - tells if site is having https or not.

4)Lighthouse - replacement of audit
    It's a great tool. The Audits panel, I always think about as like a very high level view. Something like the performance 
    or the memory or network, those are like really low level. You're actually seeing your HTTP traffic or you're seeing your
    JavaScript usage. The audits is a lot more like it runs your site through a suite of tests and it gives you back really 
    actionable feedback, but it'll give you back things in plain English.So it'll give you back things like these images are 
    too large. You have too much CSS that's not even being used, or this site doesn't look good on mobile. Things like that,
    right?So it gives you this really actionable feedback. It's always where I like to start, and at the end of the workshop,
    we'll do some live audits to people's sites.And the audit step is always where I start before diving into performance 
    or network or anything like that