102)Module Intro - What are utility containers
    refer slide 1
    utility container is not official term, it is command that max uses.
    With utility containers,I in the end mean containers which only have a certain environment in them.Let's say a node JS environment or a
    PHP environment something like that.And the idea here is that they don't start an application when you run them,but instead you run them
    in conjunction with some command specified by you to then execute a certain task.


    And this is a syntax we haven't seen this far.It's a syntax we haven't used this far.Adding an extra command after the image name
    when starting a container.

103)Utility containers and why would we use them
    let's say we wanna create a node application.we can create such an application without node being installed on our system.But it would be
    quite cumbersome.Because we need this package .JSON file with some configuration about the node app.

    typically, you create new node projects by running npm init, in your project folder.NPM is available on your machine if you got nodejs 
    installed on your system. so we need to install node.

    Now the problem with that, in turn,is that the entire idea behind Docker is that we don't need to install tools globally on our host 
    machine.Instead, we want to use containers which include the environments our application needs.

    this is node specific problem. initial creation of project still needs these tools to be installed on your system.

    And that's exactly where utility containers can help us

104)Diffrent ways of running commnads in containers

    docker run -it node
        this runs node's offcial image. now we can run node commands. we started container with it flag so it is waiting for our input,
        and whatever input we give it here is passed on to container. lets stop this contaner and run it in dettached mode -

    docker run -it -d node
        we ran this container in dettached mode, so now we do not see terminal to give our inputs. but internally it is still waiting to
        get inputs which will keep it up and running.

    to run commands inside this container we use exec command. we run

            docker exec containerName npm init
        
    The Docker exec command allows you to execute certain commands inside of a running container besides the default command, this 
     container executes.So besides the command that might've been specified in a Docker file, that command still continues running.
     So the application still continues to run but you can run additional commands inside of a container.

    this commands started some questions that exeited because this command needs to be started in intertive mode , so run -

        docker exec containerName --it npm init


    now it asks some questions and create package.json file inside container. without having node installed on our system. still
    there is no use of it , because file is created inside the container and we do not access to file. but this is just starting.

    There's also is one other syntax that can be interesting. stop the container.with Docker exec we can execute commands in a running
    container without interrupting the default command which starts when the container starts.We also can override that default command
    though.Now, when we start the node container the default command that is executed in the container is the node executable itself
    which enters the so called a Rebel which is just an interactive mode where we can run node commands.That's the default command,
    the node image will execute when we started.And if we use interactive mode, we stay connected and we can then work with that interactive
    node input mode.Now we can override this default command by adding a new command after the image name. like this -

    docker run -it node npm init

    so now it just ask for package.json inputs once we enter it, it finishes and it stops container thereafter.because we overrode the default
    command which would have opened this ongoing node interactive mode with the npm init command, which just creates a project and then stops
    once it finished.

   at this moment, that's all not too useful.I'm just getting started with these commands to make you aware of this feature Docker also offers.
    Docker exec could be useful for example to read some log files, which were written inside of a container without interrupting the main 
    process.


105)Building First utility container

    refer to code1. here we created a dockerFile, used node image in int. inside it we can isntruct to run npm init
    command using CMD but I want to give the user full control over this image and allow the user to run any command
    against this image. lets build this -

    docker build -t node-utility .

    now we ran container based on this and and execute npm init -

    docker run -it node-util npm init

    but now package.json is created inside container and we do not access to it.Now I want to mirror it to my local folder
    so that what I create in the container is also available here on my host machine. So that I can create a project on my host
    machine with help of a container. That's the idea behind having a utility container, we can use it to execute something which
    has an effect on the host machine without having to install all the extra tools on the host machine.

    for that we used bind bound -

    docker run -it -v $(pwd):/app node-utility npm init
    
    now we can see package.json folder is creted in our local


106)Utilizing EntryPoint

    we want that if we run this command -
        docker run -it node-util init

    docker should automatically addend "npm "and should run "npm init".

    So that we have a more restricted utility container where we can't do everything.Also to protect ourselves, so that I 
    don't accidentally run some command in the container, which deletes everything.And then because of the bind mount,
    it starts deleting content on my host machine as well.

    there we will use EntryPOINT config in DockerFile, value that we specify there will be prepended to any commands that we 
    pass after image name. so we added ENTRYPOINT in dokcer config and then we ran this -

        docker run -it -v $(pwd):/app node-utility init

    running this command will create the package.json in container and because of bind mount, same will appear in our
    local system also.also container exits after running this commands.
    
    then lets say we want to add a npm package, for that we need to run npm install command,so we run -

    docker run --it -v $(pwd):/app node-utility install express --save

    now we can see that node_modules folder in our local. express entry in package.json


    that's a pattern you will also see in many Docker project,and it's also a pattern we will use in some parts of this course.
    It has a disadvantage,We have to run these relatively long commands in the terminal in the command prompt. to solve
    thus we can use docker-compose.


107)using Docker Container
    see code 3

    here we will use docker compose to run utility containers. so we defined a service. now if we run -

        docker-compose up 


    it will ust start the container and start building npm, dnt know what exactly it is trying to do.problem in it just executed
    "npm" command,because that is our entry point. but we want to pass command from outside which should run in container.

    we have got "docker-compose exec" to run command in already running containers which were created by docker-compose. but here our 
    containers are not running.there is another command "docker-compose run serviceName". it allows us to run single service in case 
    docker-compose.yaml has multiple services and it allows us to run command along with it. this command will replace default command in
    container.we refer service to be run as name of service mentioned in docker-compose.yaml. see the command notes for refernce of these
     commands. so we run -

        docker-compose run npm init

        here npm is name of our service,mentioned in docker-compose.yaml. along with it we have mentioned a command. this comamnd will
        be mentioned by entrypoint mentioned in Dockerfile. here entrypoint mentioned is "npm".so command run will be -

            npm init

    this creates the package.json folder insie container and because of bind mount, it is copied into our local host also. similary
    we can use it to install some packages also.

    with "docker-compose run" container is created , it runs its comamnd then shuts down but it is not removed. so will see lot of 
    containers that are not running. for that we can add --rm flag with docker-compose run -

        docker-compose run --rm npm init


108)Utility Containers, permissions & Linux.
    When working with "Utility Containers" on Linux, I recommend that you also take a closer look at this very helpful thread in the Q&A section: 
    https://www.udemy.com/course/docker-kubernetes-the-practical-guide/learn/#questions/12977214/
