What URL is madeup of - figure1.
    subdomain -
        subdomain is domain inside domain.so you can think of www as domain inside algoexpert.io.generally we see www as subdomain and some browser 
        add this as default subdomain if you do not request any sub domain.reality is we do not actually need this subdomain.Most of the website
        treat the traffic as same whthet it has www or not, it can be treated differently.
        www was used in old days to specify that this is subdomain for internet as suppose to other domain that hey might have like for email.

    domain -
        It has 2 parts - actual name of website + TLD
            TLD - mostly asosciated with countries.
            .io - british indian ocean territtory
            .com,.gov - they sound cool or fit with website.

    port - this can be left blank. default ports will be used.
        defaultPorts -
            https - 443
            http - 80

    path - allows us to specify specific resource.

DNS system - figure2
    It is used to find IP address of domain.

    when browser is lloking for IP address for domain(algoexpert.io),browser first checks it local cache. operating system on your computer is keeping
    local cache of every IP address that is recently been found with Domain Name System.IN case it is not in cache, then a DNS request is made on network.
    see figure 1.

        Resolving name server is usually our Internet service Provider, but this is not always the case.
        Root name servers - This server simply holds the mapping of top level domains such as .io to ip address of what we call top level domain name
            servers.
        Top Level Domain server - knows how to find ip adress for all domains under a top level domain.



How client and Server Interact(or connect) with each other - TCP(TRANSMISSION Control Protocol)
    Information is sent via packets. packet is samll piece of data, which is part of bigger information.smalle packets can be combined to
    send bigger piece of data.

    Steps in connection - 

        a)connection initiation - 3 way handshake
            one of 2 computers usually the client, initiates the connection by sending the synchronization packet.
            synchronizaton-acknowledgement packet - it;'s own synchronization + acknowledgement of getting syn packet
            acknowledgement packet - acknowledgement that it got synchronization packet form other side

        b)exchanging messages -now 2 computers are connected to each other via TCP and can start sending message back and forth usually
            http messages,that we will look in future video.
        
        c)connection termination - when user moves away form website one side sends fin message and other side sends acknowledgement.
            this ends the connection from one side. same things needs to happen to end connection from other side also.

            so technically you can have a TCP connection still open, where only one side of the connection is still able 
            to send messages across the connection,but usually they are both closed out at the same time,so the connection
            is completely terminated.