border -
    
    There are three styles specific to border:

        Border width (eg. 3px, 1em)
        Border style (eg. solid, dotted)
        Border color (eg. hotpink, black)

    .box {
        border: 3px solid hotpink;
    }

    The only required field is border-style. Without it, no border will be shown!

    As with padding, you can overwrite broad properties with specific ones.This is useful for creating several "variants" of an element.

        .box {
            width: 50px;
            height: 50px;
            border: 10px solid;
        }

        /*
            I'm using .box.one instead of
            .one purely for semantic purposes.
            I like the way it reads!
        */

        .box.one {
            border-color: deeppink;
        }

    If we don't specify a border color, it'll use the font's color by default.If you want to specify this behaviour 
        explicitly, it can be done with the special currentColor keyword.

border-radius - border-radius should have been corner-radius.It's not hard to understand the rationale; the border-radius 
    property rounds an element even if it has no border!.

    values - expects 4 values  for each corner.
        border-top-left-radius
        border-top-right-radius
        border-bottom-right-radius
        border-bottom-left-radius

        also each value can be -
            absoluteValues(non percentage value) -
                single value
                horizontalRadius vertical Radius
            percentage values -
                single values

            / syntax -
                border-radius: a b c d / e f g h;

                values before left define the horizonal radius for all corners , values after /, define vertical radius.
    see links of border radius in bookmarks.


outline vs border - The core difference is that outline doesn't affect layout. Outline is kinda more like box-shadow; it's a 
    cosmetic effect draped over an element, without nudging it around, or changing its size.Outlines are stacked outside 
    border, and can sometimes be used as a "second border", for effect:


new things -
    with border-style border wnt be visisble
    default border color is text-color which is color proeprty.
    we can refer to color property in all css proeprties by currentColor keywprd.
    details of border radius works - https://prykhodko.medium.com/css-border-radius-how-does-it-work-bfdf23792ac2