Negative Margins -
    With padding and border, only positive numbers (including 0) are supported. With margin, however, we can drop into the
    negatives.negative margins makes changes to sibling's layout also.

    article - https://www.quirksmode.org/blog/archives/2020/02/negative_margin.html
        points covered -

            1)negative margin-top and margin-bottom (elements have fixed width) -

                a)giving negative margin-bottom, browser moves the point(from where next element was to be placed) closer to
                    element, from there on all other elements are laid out normal.so this does not move current element but
                    moves next one closer ot it.

                    This trick is useful for subtle tweaks, where the content of one element should slightly overlap the content
                        of the one above it.

                b)giving negative margin-top, moves the element up towards its previous sibling or parent.
                    Giving negative margin-top moves the elment closer to container bypassing even padding, this can be used to have a
                    overlapping of child on its parent container.

            2)margin-collpasing -

                c)margin-collpasing and negative values -
                    a)If one is positive and one is negative, then negative is subtracted from positive.
                    b)If both values are negtaive, then more negative values is subtracted from 0 and other one is ignored.
            
            3)negative margin-left and margin-right(with fixed width) -

                d)negative margin-left moves the element to it's left(towards parent or towrds left sibling).for this element 
                    needs to have fixed wdith.
                e)negative margin-right will only affect right child, given element is un affected by this..for this also element 
                    needs to have fixed wdith.
            
            4)negative margin-left and margin-right(with width:auto) -
                
                f)with width auto, element take maximum width avalible, so they fill contentn area of their parent completly.
                g)with negative margins applied on left amd right, elements starts expanding into the parent's padding.
                    This is also a useful effect when we want some childern to negate the padding of parent.

Margin-Auto -
    The auto value seeks to fill the maximum available space. It works the same way for the width property. the byproduct
    for this is that we end up horizontally centering the element by setting margin-left/right to auto. also we can push it to
    right with margin-left: auto.

    Two caveats:
        This only works for horizontal margin. Setting top/bottom margin to auto is equivalent to setting it to 0px*.
        This only works on elements with an explicit width. Block elements will naturally grow to fill the available 
            horizontal space, so we need to give our element a width in order to center it.
    Links - 
        a)https://www.hongkiat.com/blog/css-margin-auto/
            margin:auto either takes max value or is 0;
            0 in case of inline elements, floated and absolute(position: fixed/absolute) elements.
            for block elements in horizontal direction, it takes max-value.for vertical margins auto means 0.
            how to get horizontal and vertical centering with margin: auto is case of absolute element -
                horizontal - values of width, left and right should be should'nt be auto. now giving auto value to both
                    margin-left and margin-right, solve the equation under the extra constraint that the two margins get 
                    equal values, which centers the element horizontally.also we can also move element to one end.
                veritcal - values of height,left and right should not be auto.If both “margin-top” and “margin-bottom” are 
                    “auto”, solve the equation under the extra constraint that the two margins get equal values…”.apart
                    from centering you can also move element to its either end.
        b)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Azfj1efPAH0&t=1s
            code pen link - https://codepen.io/sumit2714/pen/GRYyemo
            flex-box specific -
                a)flex-items shrink their size just to fit there contents. by default block elemnts occupy all width.
                b)what what we want a flex-items to occupy all width?
                    a)use flex-basis: 100%, it cnt be 100% as there are other items also, it will take up as much as it can.
                    b)flex-grow: 1.
            margin-auto trick(flex-direction: row) -
                a)flex-direction is row. individual flex-items take auto value of margin-left and margin-right to move flex
                    item along main axis.
                b)pushing a flex-item will margin:auto, also pushes childs that come after it.
                c) also you can give multiple flex-childs value of margin-left/right: auto.

                to be checked - see how margin-top/bottom works here.
            margin-auto tick(flex-direction: column), also works with css grid -
                a)flex-direction is column. induival flex item take auto value of margin-top and margin-bottom to flex
                    items along main axis.
                b)rest things are same as what is explained in last point
  
        note - margin: auto has no effect on display: inline/inline-block.with flex-box it moves individual flex-items.

Extra from course -
    margin collapsing -
        1)https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2019/07/margins-in-css/
            3 effects of margin collpasing
                1)Margin collapsing between adjcent siblings.
                2)In completely empty boxes top and bottom margins are combined.
                    even adding padding or border will prevent margin collapsing.
                3)parent-first child, parent,lastChild
                    here margin moves out from parent.
            How to prevent this -
                1)Margin collpasing does not happen on item that has absolute positioning or it floated.
                2)add anything between margins like border, padding etc.
                3)establish new block formatting context. read separate article for this.
            where does margin does not collapse -
                margins do not collapse in flex and grid formatiing contextes.
                Floats, and elements with overflow other than visible
    

