103)Intro to Spring Web Scope (slide 90)
    The reason why we can only use these three scopes inside web applications is, these three scopes
    they work based upon the web Request

    @RequestScope
    @SessionScope
    @ApplicationScope

    extra from course -
        Singleton - 
            a)One instance per IOC Container. bean is cached and stored in IOc container.
                lifecycle managed by the IOC container.
        Application -
            a)One instance per web application. The bean instance is stored as an attribute of the 
                ServletContext (the global application scope in a servlet container).but its 
                lifecycle is explicitly managed by the web container's ServletContext.

104_UseCases of Spring WebSCopes (slide 91)
    
    RequestScope - The perfect use case that you can consider for request to bean scopes is any bean that is trying to
        store the sensitive information or any data that you want to be reset.Whenever a new request or page refresh is 
        happening, like in the login page of an any web application,I will enter my username and password so those credentials
        will be submitted to the backend server when I try to log in into your web application.So as a developer, I should 
        make sure the credentials that I'm passing in that HTTP request are never getting stored inside my backend server.
        They should be always invalidated and they should never be scenario where I want to store this sensitive information
        inside any HTTP session.So those kind of scenarios are a perfect match for the RequestScope.

    SessionScope - if there is a scenario where you want to store some information and reuse that information on all the pages
        inside your web application, like if you take the same bank web application, regardless of whatever page I'm trying to 
        navigate, there should be a top header information like welcome user.


        please don't try to store a lot of information inside these kind of beans.As long as you are storing some text values,
        that should be fine.Otherwise, if you started using and storing images, some binary data payloads information which
        is usually heavy in nature, then they will degrade your web application performance.

    Application WebScope - please make sure just like how we create Singleton bean scope for immutable objects in a very similar
        style, we should make sure that we are defining application web scope for immutable objects only.

        Note - Please try to fetch or maintain most info through a caching or a database, but not with the application bean scope
            because holding lot of data inside application bean scope definitely will affect your web application performance.

105, 106 - Code Demo
    How does it decide session is same of different. In course, sending request from same browser meant same session.
    Sending request from different browser meant different sessions.

Code -
    Example 25.
    ContaxtService




